(00:00~01:04) Hello, hello, you guys and welcome to another episode of Vokab with me and Patrick. That's right, you guys. This is the special feature between 15 men's and Zhou Bao Shi Guang Ji. So you guys are listening to the special feature. And before we start with the regular program today, Patrick, we have a special shout out, don't we? Anonymous comment. Yeah, well, pretty much anonymous because we don't know Leo, you, or if we've should pronounce it Liu or Leo, you. But thank you for leaving us a message. And what is the message, Patrick? He said he highly recommend popcorn for the half half chocolate and salty flavor. And the best popcorn I ever had in the SBC theater. Yummy. Ah, okay. So I usually also order half and half. I guess most people can order half and half, but it's half salty, half sweet popcorn. That's right.
(01:04~02:07) But he mentioned half and half chocolate and salty flavored luxury popcorn. Yeah. So Leo knows his popcorn. We can tell. That's why it's the best popcorn. And Leo also went on and answered our quick question in the last episode, didn't he? Oh, yeah. Because we also talked about, hey, if Mattel is a toy company aimed at girls, okay, or girl empowerment, which company is the one that is aiming at the boys? And he answered two options. Three, actually. Really? Oh. Yeah, three. The two I had to sort of figure out. I don't know them because I didn't grow up with them because in the West, most of the toys are, you know, American toys. Yes. But in Taiwan, we've got Japanese toys. Yes. But I totally don't know any of it. It's okay. It's okay.
(02:07~03:10) Once you start studying them, you would want to buy toys for yourself. Oh, no, no. I don't spend money on toys anymore. Okay. So Hasbro was the one I was going for because Hasbro is the owner of the Transformer IP. And they are also the makers of Transformer toys. I see. And by the way, Hasbro is the toy maker for Disney Marvel Universe toys. Oh, the Marvel part. Yeah. All the Marvel Universe toys. And Disney Star Wars toys are licensed to Hasbro. Yes. So all the figurines and all the spaceships from Star Wars and most of the Star Wars toys, including the lightsaber is made by Hasbro. H-A-S-B-R-O. And then the two other companies, Leo recommended, Takara and Tomy. I think they make cars. So he's a Japanese company, right? Yeah. These are Japanese.
(03:10~04:13) So if you go to Sogo Toy Store, I guarantee you would find Takara and Tomy somewhere. Right. So Hasbro, and by the way, I mentioned G.I. Joe in the last episode, and Hasbro also owns the IP of G.I. Joe. So the exactly answer that I don't mention is the Hasbro part. Okay. Hasbro as well for your information. Yes. Okay. So next time you've got a toy store, don't buy a toy. You know, flip the toy box over and check the company that manufactured it. Yes. You might learn something that way. Okay. Cool. So on to the regular program, we thank you guys for all the comments, but we got to get back to what we're going to share next with you today is about cars. That's right. And not the animation cars. Yes. Not going to talk about toy cars anymore. We're going to talk about the real cars. The big boy stuff. We're going to talk about three different car brands today.
(04:13~05:15) The three names are all about the electric cars. So we got petrol cars, right? Or we call them gas cars, cars that run on gas. Gas cars. And in Britain, it's called petrol. Petrol. In South Africa, it's also called petrol. In Australia, it's called petrol, not gas. Gas is the gas. And in America, gas is not LP gas. It's gasoline. So today, three brands, three car brands, we're going to talk about their slogans. Fantastic. We love trivia. Yes. So today's first brand. Lexus. When we think about Lexus, we think about the luxury brand of Toyota, right? But I have to say, I thought Lexus is from European countries.
(05:15~06:19) You thought it was a European brand? Yeah. I don't know. It's from Toyota. But actually, I don't know if you know most of the manufacturing and the design. It's sort of a combination of East and West. As far as I remember, most of the Japanese car companies, the models that get sold in the West are all designed and manufactured, mostly manufactured in the West, not in Japan, not in the East. After all, you know, the car is invented in Europe, right? The best cities, right? They invented the car. So maybe these kind of manufacturers come from Europe. It makes sense. Well, yeah. Because again, many countries in Europe have a lot of motor history. They need motor cars. And so obviously the supply chain, it's the same thing with Taiwan and TSMC. You can try and get TSMC to build a factory somewhere,
(06:19~07:20) but the supply chain will forever stay in Taiwan. Yeah. So if you want any IC design, if you want to do anything that that has to do with semiconductors today, you come to Taiwan. Right? Because TSMC. There we go. And then you find all the full supply chain. But the minute you leave, you might find a TSMC factory without the supporting supply chain. Yes. Okay. So what is the Lexus brand slogan? Lexus brand slogan. You know what? I grew up with a lot of European cars. And when Lexus came out, I have to tell you, it was hot. It was hot. It was different. It had a European feel. It had a luxury feel. It had a BMW Mercedes feel to it. But it's got the Japanese, you know, no nonsense interior. You know, the interior, it's no frills. It's not super fancy like BMW, you know, with all the buttons and everything.
(07:20~08:21) And it gives you that comfort of knowing these things just work. Oh, really? Yeah. So when Lexus came out, it was, wow, very cool. But most people still recognized it as sort of the luxury arm of Toyota. Is there a lot of Lexus car in South Africa? No. No, no, no, no. No. So over the years, as people got to know the brand Lexus, but why didn't they go ahead and buy these luxury Japanese cars? Was for a very good reason. Because in South Africa, we have Mercedes and BMW manufacturing locally. Oh, I see. So the price of this imported car is getting higher. There we go. And then of course, we also have VW that's locally manufactured. So you can't beat local manufacturing. It's literally impossible. But the yappies, the young up and coming generation,
(08:21~09:22) you know, the young guys, the cool kids with money, they would drive fancy Lexus. I see. Okay. Okay. So I believe that you might have heard about the Chinese slogan for Lexus. Because every time they see their ads, they will say, But the funny thing is I actually didn't hear much of Lexus slogan really. Really? It's not that vocal. I saw the television commercials always have this slogan in Chinese. I don't know English. You know, in Taiwan, we see the ads and they always say that. They have a voiceover actor read it, right? Yeah. But growing up, I don't remember Lexus ads saying the English slogan. I don't know why. Yeah. I don't know why. Yeah. I never heard about it. Yeah. And also for many car manufacturers, sometimes they don't have somebody read it. Yeah. It's on the screen, but they don't have somebody read it.
(09:22~10:24) So what is it? Let me break it to you guys. So Lexus' slogan is the relentless pursuit of perfection. And you know what? Let me try and read it as a voiceover. Do an improv for you guys. The relentless pursuit of perfection. Yeah. It makes sense. Does it sound like Lexus now? It makes me feel like it's luxury brand. Luxury brand. You get this guy with this, you know, boomy voice, the relentless pursuit of perfection. Yeah. Wow. So this is Lexus. So growing up, what is your image of Lexus? I have to say Lexus car is one of my dream car because we play about a lot of racing car games on the PC. They always have a Lexus car and it makes it feel like it's kind of fancy. That's right. So let me give you an image that might help you remember
(10:24~11:28) why Lexus is such a fancy top car. So Lexus designed one of their super cars. Okay. About a decade ago. That was part of the Fast and Furious movie. My favorite character in the movie was Han, the Korean guy. Ah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They come to Taiwan recently. He came to Taiwan recently. Right. I have to bring this to Han. So everybody knows Han, right? There was one scene in one of the movies. He drove a Lexus LFA super car driving Giselle, the girlfriend. Oh, Giselle is a girl, a girl. Yes. Oh, okay. I remember Gell, but I don't remember which car he drove. No, you know what? After that scene, everybody wanted to be Han. Right. I'll find that scene for you. That was the one thing I remember about Lexus that demonstrated that they have reached the pinnacle of car making.
(11:28~12:32) They came up with this fancy, fancy, fancy super car. That was super cool. Oh, I'm not surprised, eh? I'm really not surprised. Because Lexus on the streets, it looks great. And, you know, they've got good after-sales service. And the service centers are abundant. Taipei, Taichung, wherever Toyota service center is, you have a Lexus service center. So I'm not surprised if they are the top selling brand in Taiwan. In Taiwan. Okay. Okay. Okay. I don't know the backstory,
(12:32~13:32) but I can tell you most of these luxury brands, they are either French or Greek. You know, they are not English. So what is the backstory to the brand name? I don't know about the backstory. They didn't really tell why did they use the name, but the meaning of the Lexus part is they combine two words, luxury and elegance. Oh, yeah. Make sense? Yeah. Makes me feel like it's for luxury. Elegance, right? Good. Good. And Lexus technically in terms of the syllables, Lexus. So two syllables, easy to read. And then five letters, also easy to read and write. Yeah. But also the Lexus is a Greek name. Oh, really? That's a alexia, the bianti, or this is alexander. Oh. Yeah. I found out this trivia inside the name. Some Greek people, they will use alexia for their names. Oh, take away the A, then you get Lexus. Yes.
(13:32~14:35) Yeah, it's cool. Very smart. I think the pronunciations sounds beautiful. In Lexus. Easy to read, for sure. Easy. Definitely a good brand name, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. So this is our first brand. We'll have to remind the slogan again. Yes. So Lexus, the relentless pursuit of perfection. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Okay. So if you guys, any of the 15 men's family, any of our listeners at Zoubao Subwangi, you know, if you work at Lexus, yeah, tell your boss about us. We would like a sponsorship. Yeah. We can promote your cars. We love your brand. Yeah. I love it. Really. It's my favorite dream car inside my childhood. So I really want to promote this brand to everyone. So you get an RX, I will get an LFA. Oh, of course. Yes. You know, and then we will switch cars, right? We just switch cars. And we'll go around Taiwan. Yes.
(14:35~15:38) All right. So that was Lexus. So what is the next car we'll be talking about? Okay. This car, this car brand is kind of small. It's not the big one. Small car. Yes. Small. And we know there's another word that we can describe small. It's mini. Oh, iconic. The mini, right? The mini. Mini car. Yes. Yes. The mini. Okay. Mini, this car, actually I haven't introduced this brand in my program, Subwangi. Of course, if you want to listen more, you can go and look at this episode. Let me briefly introduce it to you. Mini is a special production, small-scale, British car brand. It was established in 1959. Now it has become the company under BMW. Yes. Okay. In fact, mini is like, as Mr. John said, it's a brand-name, very famous car company. The current sales country has over 109 countries. All over the world, they have their own users. Yes. And most of my female clients,
(15:38~16:38) their dream cars are minis. And not your regular mini, sort of the single color. They all want the mini with the union jack. Yeah. With the Great Britain flag on it, the union jack on it. You know why? Because they've seen so many movies about the mini. James Bond? Yeah. From James Bond to, I don't know, there's a movie called Italian Job that I grew up with. And, you know, they are mini, mini movies that had minis in them. Yeah. And the most famous car brand inside this, the mini is Mini Cooper, right? Yes. But original mini was not a Cooper. Me, Cooper came after. I want to quickly add something here, Patrick, is the way I refer to the mini, right? The mini. See, we don't see mini car because the minute you include car after mini, mini becomes an adjective.
(16:38~17:39) But, you know, that car is the mini. Yeah, he's... His standard is too strong. Yes. And then today, I think most of the minis are mini Cooper's. So you would call it the mini Cooper. You would not say the mini Cooper car. Because it's the mini Cooper. Nobody else has that design. Nobody else has that name to it. Yeah. So it's an icon now. Actually, in Taiwan, I often see mini Cooper. And all kinds of colors. Because their colors and the whole design of the car, actually make people think it's very mysterious. Blue, green, red, even orange, etc. Very fresh. And then the car, mini Cooper on the way, they all easily absorb everyone's eyes. Yes, it's an iconic car. And it's a very playful car. And I think because of the fact that it was in movies very early, already, you know, in the 60s and the 50s. So it built a lot of fan base.
(17:39~18:40) Even if your dream car is not a mini, or mini Cooper, you would be okay with one. If you had the budget, if you had to drive something small, mini and mini Cooper would come to mind. Yeah. And also, now, we know that we don't have many people now. Maybe a small family. A small mini Cooper is actually very suitable. All right. Yeah. It sounds like we're promote more about mini Cooper than Lexus. I love cars. I can tell you, I love cars. You know, I stand at the intersection, Patrick. I kid you not. I stand at the intersection and I look at all the different car brands. And then if I see a car that I'm not aware of, I Google it. I pick it up like, oh, is that new model? That's not a brand I know. Okay. Or the model I know. That's how I grew up with cars. So I love standing at intersections. Well, waiting for the red light to go green. I'm just counting all the different brands that I know.
(18:40~19:42) And the models, yeah. So I would like to ask John. So as for me, my dream car in my childhood is Lexus. So what is your dream car? Which brand is it? You know what? I don't have a dream car. I want all the cars. If I can afford it, I want to have, like, you know, as a kid, I never played with hot wheels. But growing up, oh my gosh, I started loving cars. Oh, you're greedy. Yes, I started. You know, I want, I can have a small house, but I probably need like 10 garage to park my cars in, you know? I want to collect different cars. They're so cool. Yeah. So Mini Cooper for sure. When they joined the BMW group, then I knew. Wow. Okay. They got to kick ass big time. Because BMW has really, really good engine technology. No, that's right. So once you put a good engine in Mini Cooper, I tell you that car is not just a mini. That is a sports car.
(19:42~20:43) Yeah. Now they become a sports car. And they, it's not a sports car. Yeah. They're probably on many competitions, and they even got a good result. Yes. Also, there's a trivia about Mini. We know that Mini cars, like everyone think that is small, right? Yes. But there's a world record. I'll have a quiz for John. Do you know how many people get inside the Mini? Gosh, when I was a kid, I remember this one. Really? Well, so you did so many. I heard it somewhere. I heard it somewhere as a kid. Because when we talk about world records, we are talking about the Guinness world records, right? Yes. JinSisiGX. I remember this. I think I do. Okay. Give me a number. Because it's about cars. And I remember they stuffed a lot of people in the cars, and it was a ridiculous number. Yeah. It's really ridiculous. It's a ridiculous number. There were no one, nobody, like a lot of people get inside the car like that. It's not single digit. I remember it's not like eight people, nine people. Nope.
(20:43~21:44) Eight, nine people, easy. Far away from this. I remember, but it's not 40 or 50. No, no, no. That's too insane. It's too much. Ah, gosh. I'm gonna go for 16. 16 people. Would be a ridiculous number already. 16. You have to put 12 more people inside the car. Holy moly. Really? The correct answer is 28. Okay. 28 people. How do you put 28 people in a mini? But I think there's some cheating part inside, because 28 people, this is almost like a mini-couple car, stuffed 28 people. How did they do it? Because actually these 28 people are from the athletes who are women in England. We all know that athletes with body problems can be punished. So when these 28 people are stuffed, some people actually have already been punished until the whole body has become very small. So I think that sort of makes sense.
(21:44~22:45) You want this iconic car from Britain to have a world record that's beaten by the British. So that makes sense. I think that's good. But 28 people are a little outrageous as far as I'm concerned. It's kind of scary. So what is mini's slogan, by the way, because growing up, I also never heard of mini's slogan. They're super iconic. They don't need a slogan. Yeah, I agree with that. Because we saw the mini, we don't have to say out their slogan, and we know that this mini. So there's a slogan I found on the Internet. I actually found a lot of different slogans. But there's a sentence I think it's very good. Its English is, You don't need a big one to be happy. You don't need a big one to be happy. How do you feel about the slogan? It's pretty good. Very fitting. You don't need a big one to be happy. Yes. Because when you see a mini,
(22:45~23:49) it's about lifestyle, freedom. You can park it anywhere you want. Yeah, the small car is more easy to be parked. You can park it anywhere. You go to the beach, you take down the top. It has a sunroof on top. We can buy convertible. It can get very sporty. And they're colorful, right? So it makes me connected with the happy and optimistic. Yes. You don't see people craftsmen or artisans, that kind of image or functionality, utility image with mini. If you buy a mini, it's about life. It's about having a great life, happy life. Yeah. It's your attitude to your life. Okay, so this is mini. You don't need a big one to be happy. Yeah, you don't need a big one to be happy. You need two big ones. You say you want 10 garage. 10 big ones. Okay, let's go to the third brand. Yes, what's the third brand today?
(23:49~24:50) It's the most famous, most popular ones in these days, Tesla. Ah, okay. I'm a little sick and tired of Teslas now. Oh, really? I have to say, because they're all over our streets in Taipei. Oh, yes. Even taxi and Uber, they drive Tesla. Yes, twice this year already. For me, I've gotten on Model 3s this year twice. Getting an Uber cab. So Teslas, I love Teslas, making no mistake. I think they're great high tech stuff. But it's just, it used to be a few years ago, it used to be a fancy thing on the road. Yeah, but no. When I stand at the intersections, I would say, there goes a Tesla, right? Model X, the Model 3 or the Model S. And now it's like, oh, that's another Tesla. There's another Tesla. There's another Tesla. It's all over the streets. It's gotten a little boring for me, to be honest. Yeah. Oh, but if you have a chance to own a Tesla,
(24:50~25:52) I think that it will be parked inside your garage. Well, if I do own a Tesla, I would treat it very differently. So how will you treat it? So I think I would probably, like for me, the ideal Tesla is the Tesla, the Model X. I think it's the ideal type of vehicle. Because in Taiwan, it's difficult to open doors. Our curbside sometimes is a little high. So having those going doors that opens up, I like that. I think those doors would work better in Taiwan. I see, okay. So your ideal one is Model X. The Model X. Okay. Okay, so we'll go back to the brand story. Because everyone thinks that the founder is Elon Musk, right? But the true founder of this company isn't Elon Musk. Okay, so if not Elon Musk, then who? Okay, this company was created by two Silicon Valleys engineer.
(25:52~26:54) Okay, their name is called... Martin Eberhard and Mark Tarpenning. They created Tesla in 2003. Okay. Oh, I didn't know that, 2003. That's way early. Tesla has been in the company for 20 years. Okay, why did they create two Silicon Valleys? Because at the time, the E-Lak war broke out in the Middle East. Oh. As long as the Middle East war broke out, the oil prices would rise. Yes. The oil prices at that time were high. I remember. Yes. They thought that the oil dependence was so high. Otherwise, as long as the price of the country's economy is high, it's very dangerous. So they started to find the replacement oil replacement source. So they thought of the electric car. I remember those days. I remember those days. Gas prices went off the charts. I think if I remember correctly, $120 a barrel for quite a few months.
(26:54~27:55) So in South Africa, we had inflation like crazy. That's because crazy inflation. Yeah, it was insane. So it kind of makes sense to have Silicon Valley engineers having this idea and trying to solve a problem. Right? And not just solve the United States problem, but solve a global problem. High gas prices. Yes. So these two engineers actually hoped to replace the electric car. Why do they think Elon Musk was the founder? Because Musk invested $650 million in Tesla in 2004. Oh. He became the president of Tesla at that time. But he wasn't the founder. Oh, got it. Kind of makes sense because he's got money then. Yeah. He just sold PayPal. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He sold PayPal then. He had PayPal money. And also, I guess the reason why these two guys, Marta and Mark, was not that well known.
(27:55~28:59) I probably think they are sort of your old school engineers. They don't like to be in the limelight. They don't like to be on TV and all that. You know, actually back in the day, even Jeff Bezos with Amazon, he doesn't like TV. He doesn't like to be interviewed. Okay, so they would say about the slogan yet? Not yet, right? No. What's the slogan? This year, they have a new one. And I think that's cool because it makes some... There are some bloodshed in it. I will have to read it. Like they say, this year we will kill the ICE. Kill the ICE? Yeah, the ICE, ICECE ICE. So, but everyone will think about ICE, a ice cube. What is it called? I will kill the ice cube today. Why? But the truth is ICE is a big three-letter ICECE, which represents internal combustion engine. Oh, the acronym for internal combustion engine. So for... Yeah, internal combustion engine. Ah, okay. Yeah. Okay, why would we say internal combustion engine?
(28:59~29:59) Because at that time, the main engine of the oil tank was from the internal combustion engine. Like it would be used on a car, a plane, a wheelchair, or a plane, on traffic tools. Then he said, this year we will kill the ICE because the engine used by electric vehicles or the engine used by the car. Yes, they use a motor. They don't use an engine anymore. They will kill the ICE. Okay. Okay. That's interesting. Okay, interesting. So this could be their vision for the next coming few years. Yeah, maybe. Who knows? Wow. Okay. Okay. Yes. And in North America, I believe, they are also number one. Oh, yeah. Yes.
(29:59~31:01) Even in Taiwan. Oh, yeah. Yeah. We love Elon Musk. Yes. I have another trivia, but I don't know that if this is true or not. You know that Tesla have different brand, different category, like Model S, Model E, Model X, right? They say that Elon Musk, he used different names. Like Model S, Model E, Model X, and Model Y, which became combined together become the word sexy. I don't know if that's true or something. I just see it on the internet. I'd like to share it. Okay, that's an interesting, I don't know, urban myth, can we call it? Yeah. It makes sense if that's Elon Musk's idea, you know, right, right. He kind of liked the word. So naming schemes for founders or for owners of companies, naming schemes, you know, these are good stories to tell in the future. Okay. So we will repeat the slogan of Tesla again. Right. So what's Tesla's slogan?
(31:01~32:02) This year, we will kill the ICE. The ICE. Yeah, the ICE. This is the source of the Nairang. Okay. It's kind of, I think it's creative. It's cool. Since you have trivia for the brand, I have trivia for Elon. Oh. Yeah. Okay. I have an interesting one that I found. So in 2021, Elon Musk, he named himself. Okay. And because Tesla is a listed company, so we know a lot of the name changing and the company structure changes, title changes has to be approved by the SEC. Yeah. Yeah. The regulatory body in the US. Right? Yes. So in 2021, Elon Musk took the title. He named himself the techno king of Tesla. And he gave the CFO, Zach Kirkhorn, the title master of coin. Master of coin. You know, remember he had Bitcoin. Yeah. Right.
(32:02~33:02) He was trying to issue Bitcoin. The dog one. Yeah. And the dog coin as well. So in 2021, this is real. They filed these updates with the SEC and got approved. So I say if his skin makes sense, if they call him sexy, right? Yes. Even call himself the techno king of Tesla and the master of coin. I don't know. I mean, it's their garden, right? It's, it's, they can play around in their own garden. Their rules. But the funny thing is SEC actually approved it. So they didn't feel it would interfere with company affairs, I guess. Uh-huh. Okay. Yes. So, all right. Techno king of Tesla. Yeah. Tesla technology, the master of coin. Wow. This, this two, these two, these two are too good. Yeah. So, you know, one of these days, we should open our own company and give ourselves fancy titles. Yeah.
(33:02~34:04) We can come up with some titles about it. All right. That's Wickely recap today's three different car brands that we mentioned as well as their slogans. Okay. The first brand, Lexus. Lexus. Yes. And the slogan, go ahead, Patrick. The relentless pursuit of perfection. The relentless pursuit of perfection. Relentless here means non-stop. Oh. Yeah. Non-stop. Pursuit of perfection, that means I'm chasing after perfection. Oh. And therefore, well translated, I think the Chinese slogan is pretty well translated. Yeah. 專注完美,進呼刻球. Okay. Right. And the next brand, the Mini. Okay. The Mini. Yes. And Patrick, go ahead. The slogan is, you don't need a big one to be happy. You don't need a big one to be happy. You only need the Mini. Yeah. Yes.
(34:04~35:01) It also has a yayun. There we go. Yes. And that's how they create, the marketers are so smart. That's how they create slogans that will get remembered for ages. You go inside your brain. Yeah. Okay. And the next brand, Tesla. Tesla. This year, we will kill the ICE. The ICE and ICE refers to internal combustion engine. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's all the time we have for you today. 15 Men's Fam and Tsobao Tsukwangji, the pengyoman. So why don't you tell us and comment down below out of these three brands, which car or which model is your dream car? Yeah. Why don't you share with us and tell us why it's your dream car? And we will give you a shout out in the next episode, all right? Okay. Fantastic stuff. And then we will catch you next week, same time, same place on Voguehab, you guys. See you. Bye bye.
