(00:00~01:02) Hello you guys and welcome to another episode of vocab with John and Patrick. Yeah, that's right you guys it's 15 minutes dot today and So boss the gonji time again This is the special feature between me and Patrick Yes, and we will speak both in Chinese and English to give you the latest and the most informative history Backstories and trivia. Yeah, that's right. We're talking about some trivia in history and then I want to come up with some of the I think some of the listeners or the audience remember we have talked about some phrases and idioms Yes, and there's one we say that once in the blue moon once in the blue moon is it the time already Yes, it's the end of the August this month By a sense he also Tinsuo, Taiwan you kind of
(01:02~02:06) Oh, this is a land you're the blue moon the blue moon is coming end of this month. Yeah, the blue moon will exist Okay, but I have to remind everyone that when the blue moon comes or Taiwan CWB say This will not only be a blue moon, but also a super moon, which means that is a very big one So it may turns into a super blue moon super blue moon Welcome There's a sound effect Yeah, so we have to be aware of the tides that may affect by the lunar influence Right. So for those of you guys who didn't catch our previous featured episodes about once in a blue moon and what it means Better go check it out. Okay, better go check it out And so the end of this month is the blue moon and according to CWB you say what is the CWB by the way It's in Chinese look like Maybe English would be like central Weather bureau a weather bureau. Okay. Yeah
(02:06~03:10) So patrick, you know in our shows if we use acronyms like CWB or acbc, you know, we have to explain it It's a job That's your job I'll have to say that in chinese maybe more people will know about it. There we go Okay, so according to the central weather bureau, it's going to be one of the super blue moons That's right. So stay tuned you guys So talking about all the fancy and the most updated Events this month in august Other than the blue moon patrick, I think the other big big big big big thing that's going around on the internet And also in the movie theaters is a things that is in pink Ah Yes pink plastic and a doll barbie. Yes barbie barbie the movie Okay, and of course before that was uh, well at the same time actually is the openheimer movie. Ah, yes Yes, so of course during the past month
(03:10~04:13) We were hit and bombarded on the news and on the internet with barbrenheimer, right? Ah, yeah, the twitter always have this hashtag around barbrenheimer And a lot of memes on the internet mixed the poster of barbie and openheimer together to create barbrenheimer Yes, okay, and so I have to say I didn't watch openheimer me too I think christopher nolin is a little too hardcore for me. It takes three hours inside the theater I'm not ready for three hours of christopher nolin to be honest with you So I did go watch barbie me too. Did you watch barbie patrick? You did? I went to the theater and watched barbie with my girlfriend Did she wanted to watch the movie or you wanted to watch the movie? Actually is her idea. Yeah, it's it's her idea to watch barbie Yes, not mine. Actually for for us for me and my wife. It was my idea Sure, really? She she says okay, I want to go watch a movie and I said well openheimer is three hours
(04:13~05:20) So our next best thing is barbie and she's like, yeah, okay, fine. I'll go watch barbie So she wants to see the openheimer? No, she asked me what openheimer was about and I said three hours I didn't I didn't want to explain to her. I just told her it's three hours We don't have that kind of focus right and attention. Yeah barbie is more like more easy to to watch You don't have to take so much You have to think about the the things the script or the things that they're talking about behind the history You have to learn more in openheimer, but barbie is like a fun movie. Okay So patrick in english, we say it's a popcorn movie. Ah, yes the popcorn. So in chinese, what would it be? Barra片? Oh, maybe Yeah, because you know popcorn movie means, you know, you're there for the popcorn and you keep chowing down on your popcorn Yes, and it's easygoing. You don't have to think about it a movie like fast and furious or like maybe the the previous
(05:20~06:23) The the the original iron man, right? That was that's also a popcorn movie and then later on they got very intense Right the marvel universe big universe. Yeah a little bit more intense So barbie compared to openheimer would be a popcorn movie. Yeah, and okay, in fact, I was eating popcorn during the movie So that is exactly totally a popcorn movie. Yes Whenever I go to the movie theater, I would have to buy me Uh, either a small or a medium sized popcorn. Oh, so what kind of flavor would you choose a salty one or a sweet one? Salty flavor only I'm I'm afraid I don't like the the sugar glaze or the caramel glaze Because I don't usually finish and with with a salty popcorn Um, especially the small I can finish relatively quickly the medium It depends on if I how hungry I am But I generally finish the medium popcorn Quite easily but the sweet caramel glazed sugar popcorn. Ah, no, no, I I can't finish
(06:23~07:25) I mean, I usually finish the top part like a little like a One-fifth the top part and that's it and then my wife says oh, it's too sweet So she will skip it. Therefore. I always buy myself a salty popcorn. I saw to you. Okay The salty one will be better because you you'll have to think about the situation When you're drinking your coke your coke is sweet and your popcorn is sweet So that's why you can't finish the popcorn. There you go And again by the time you reach our age Patrick, you know, you got to watch your blood sugar Maybe a serious problem like diabetes You got to be really really careful with your sugar intake. I see. Okay. So today we're talking about Barbie and her company Madel, right? Ah, how do you spell Mattel by the way? If you did you pick up on the very interesting? Um translation that that they translated when I list when I watched it, you know in Taiwan in the movies
(07:25~08:29) We've got Chinese subtitles. It's very annoying for me. I don't it doesn't it takes a part of my screen space And sometimes the fonts are quite big And it's kind of annoying because it flashes right, you know subtitles it flashes in and out Yes, and sometimes it distracts me and then I realized when they talk about Mattel the company In Chinese it's it doesn't sound Mattel. Yeah, it sounds mei tai er Yes, and then I'm like So Mattel is a huge huge huge toy company. Yeah, we will talk about Mattel later Okay, so that's this quickly cover a little bit of Barbie. Shall we? So we know the the movie right you both of us have watched the movie So the protagonist the main character of the movie is Barbie, correct? Or is it kin? Maybe some but some people think that's kin but some people think it's Barbie. Maybe that What about weird Barbie? Do you think she is the protagonist?
(08:29~09:31) It she's the very key point character. I think she changed their thoughts They tell them the way to go to the the real world, right? Yeah, right. So before we continue any further spoils alert Okay, spoiler alert you guys We're going to spoil the movie if you haven't seen it, but not too much Okay, just in terms of the character. Just want you to know When we talk about a protagonist Which is the main character in the movie once you watch it you feel like I One would always think Barbie is the main character But you know once you go through the movie then it's kin then it's weird Barbie then it's Some people the the people from the real world so so on and so forth and then you think wow everybody in the movie could be a protagonist And you saw the character, uh, you know the one of the Asian kens, right? Hmm Simu Liu from Shang Chi. Yes. Yeah, and then I told my wife look at sam chi. He's over there and my wife's like
(09:31~10:32) Why is he here and I'm like he's the Asian kin I have to say that his dancing is perfect in in the movie. He's great at Apparently he went for dance lists. Yeah I think that's quite the first the first thing I like so this This main character When he came out, I think that The same sort of your wife and I think it's awkward for me I think that he is the one who should be inside the Marvel part I think he's kind of cute in in the whole situation because they needed somebody Asian So I will you know To a certain extent I think the director also want to separate that this is not the real world. This is the Barbie world
(10:32~11:33) So they sing and dance they think it's okay. They wake up and they want to sing and dance So I think it's a it's a movie worth watching but Is it worth like Viewing for the first week or so. I'm not so sure because I watched it now I think I'm sort of halfway. It's been two weeks Since it's release. Yes And Yeah, I don't I don't know it doesn't it's not like maverick early this year where I felt I have to watch the first round The premiere round. Oh, it's not like the Avengers end game. Yeah. No, it's not it's it doesn't have that But okay, you know, I'll give it I give it like eight out of ten. I think oh eight of ten. Yeah eight out of ten I mean, but maverick is on a different level. That's like I would watch maverick three four more times Yeah, me too. I I've watched maverick for like three times
(11:33~12:35) Once for 4dx 4dx the感覺 you went to 40x. Geez Which is a體驗了一下被風吹被被於是黑鍋的感覺 Yeah, it's it's a quite great great experience. I have to say I never saw a movie that makes me feel like I am the maverick I'm flying. Yeah, I'm flying around. Wow. Okay. So we'll go back to the barbie, right? We will have to explain everybody knows about barbie, right? Okay. So what is what is so special about barbie? Yeah barbie, his This is actually the world's first place. The orange is very powerful. This is the most popular Plastic doll around the world plastic doll So I think in toys many people don't understand plastic is a material and of course there are porcelain dolls Right, but this is plastic doll. So you can't compare porcelain doll and other material dolls to barbie Okay, but if you compare apples to apples and oranges to oranges then barbie
(12:35~13:36) We would have to compare barbie to other plastic dolls So long long time ago if you're rich if you come from a wealthy family your daddy would get you a porcelain doll That's very well made and then of course when matel came to the the joint the toy business They realized they could do a whole lot more with plastic He was a very good boy Yes, yes So guys remember we got porcelain dolls We got paper dolls And then we got plastic dolls And there's more like Plush dolls plush plush plush Plush, okay. Yeah, so there are a lot of different dolls but
(13:36~14:41) When Ruth Handler saw her daughter playing with paper dolls she thought These dolls are all made in a way that is for children But when her daughter is playing with these dolls for children she will help them to pay for some These dolls are for nurses, police, and the police So Ruth thought that this doll might not be in the market at the moment But it's not in the market yet So she thought this is a new demand in the market When Ruth saw this doll she explained to her husband Because Ruth and her husband are the company partners of Matel His husband is called Elliott Handler This is his husband They are both Matel's partners At the first time Ruth and Elliott mentioned this demand But his husband's reply was No mother is ever going to buy her daughter a doll with breasts Ah, so the stereotype at that time in that period
(14:41~15:51) So little kids little girls would sit and play doll Okay, so when you play doll what do you do? You sit them down drink tea and then you give them breakfast and you know that kind of thing But obviously as you grow older then you would want to role play a little further Yeah Not just play house or play your dolls You want them to be certain characters you want them singing and dancing But Elliott says no mother is ever going to buy her daughter a doll with breasts So it's a little too mature for young kids That's right Let's Elliott's thoughts right But Ruth doesn't agree with that So they still they still established this Barbie doll In 1959 the Barbie doll that was the first in the world was launched Then Ruth gave her Barbie doll to Barbara Yeah Barbara, so her name is Barbie Yes, Barbie Yeah
(15:51~16:53) Yeah, it's a full size figurine It was a huge hit and these are the days where there's no internet And TV channels are very limited and most people actually listen to radio more than TV TV is for rich people That's right That's right But when Barbie was on the TV commercial After she launched the show she made a big boom Many people wanted to buy this Barbie doll Then Ruth and her company were more actively selling this product They started to launch different clothes, different jobs, even different styles Because it's full of imagination That's right That's right That's right That's right Of course, the moms might think that these are all not real That you have to return to reality And the girls at that time should be like this So there were some conflicts in the past But Mattel's company is pretty good He just caught on to this kind of fantasy of young girls
(16:53~17:53) So when Barbie launched her boyfriend in 1961 She was the first in the world to have a baby doll Then Barbie launched her boyfriend That is, the Ken in the movie She was created Yes This name actually comes from the founder Ruth's son His son's name is Kenneth Kenneth and obviously Barbie and Ken therefore lived happily ever after Yes It was born in 1961 But like I just said Because Barbie is a conservative thing in the 1960s But until the 1970s We all know that in the 1970s, there were various thoughts and situations Barbie was also influenced by the gender revolution At that time, some women who started to be blind The main and the female rights of the women started to have a counter-office She felt that Barbie's image is that of a waist of thin and big chest Perfect requirements for such body These female rights of the women felt that we shouldn't be created by XO We have our own work rights
(17:53~18:53) But we emphasize on the appearance of them I'm not a Barbie doll Yes I think it was also matching with the times that a womanhood The idea of womanhood was not just being a mother Right? It was extended to being an independent woman Who can live her life the way she wants Which became also a way for young girls to experience the possibilities Without sort of growing up And then challenging the society for Yes So it was a I think it was just timing I mean if Mattel didn't create Barbie somebody else would This is a era It's a product of the era She was pushed out along with this era Of course, with the change of the era Actually, this material company Barbie continues to push In fact, the world is different There are tall and tall and cute Different skin colors Black, white, Asian
(18:53~19:54) Different kinds of Barbie Also constantly created So this is a different kind of This state of the art has been This state of the art has been This is a different kind of Barbie And in the movie you could see all the different Barbies that they tried And also they also tried different kens Not only the Asian kens They had Ken the firefighter Ken whatever They also had alternative kens Whether or not they were popular toys Is beyond the point Yes The main point is Mattel it was a company Over the years over the decades They actually focused on what they do best Right They understood what children want And they gave them that room for imagination You see like Barbie is like 60 years toy Right Yes 60 years of toys Until this year Maybe more than 60 years Barbie is the global sales Actually like last year Last year on this website There was a website called Satista They agreed
(19:54~20:55) Actually Mattel still needs to bring in About $14.9 billion And Barbie's career types More than more than 200 types So the whole thing is not like what was just released That is Barbie should be that image It has various Various career types Like color and so on On this Barbie toy And I think recently there were news about this gentleman Who is the number one Barbie collector Hmm Oh that news Yeah apparently he was also awarded some sort of certificate by Mattel Hmm For being one of the top collectors in the world For collecting almost all the Barbies And this is something that I think most kids Including myself grew up with Way back So this next toy
(20:55~21:57) Is the boyish toy that we grew up with Little die cast cars Okay these metal cars It's branded Hot Wheels Hot Wheels Chinese is called Wind, Fire, and Wheel, and Wheel Yes So why are they called Hot Wheels Or Wind, Fire, and Wheel, and Wheel, and Wheel Hmm Maybe it's like the name gave them a kind of speed If you look at the picture Look at the wheels Of all the car From the side of all the cars They look like the wheels is You know spitting out fire Ah It's on fire So that's the signature of Hot Wheels The wheels are so hot It's spitting fire So from all the toy cars from Hot Wheels Look at it from the sides It's not trying to imitate Or mimic a real car The idea is This car is super fast It's a Hot Wheel Hmm They don't really make The car model of the actual body But they
(21:57~22:58) Build their own IP Yes And of course Hot Wheels Why do you want Hot Wheels You want to let it go fast right How do you let it go fast You have to ask your parents to buy The huge ass track set Oh the track set The part that is spitting Yes you have to ask your mom to get you A track set for Christmas This is the track set that Mr. John mentioned just now Actually it was made Hot Wheels company Is a very important tool in the world The standard standard A very important tool in the world Because it can Lower the so-called friction And make it really have that The feeling of hot wheels on the wheel And make the car's speed Very high So you can put your Your cars you've got lots of cars right Maybe you've got 20-30 cars You put it in a cartridge looking thing So what it does is you connect it to the track And you shoot out the Hot Wheels cars You can press a button And it shoots out the Hot Wheels cars
(22:58~23:59) That's cool It was very cool It was the biggest toy You know but I mean I You know I didn't have the info to ask my parents for it So you know I wasn't a good boy So I didn't get toys I never get least kind of toys It was all over TV In fact this Hot Wheels Is come from Yeah Elliot He saw his son playing Another car This car is a Matchbox car He saw the fire and the car I thought I think my son loves to play car So he invested himself to develop it I didn't expect that he would make a red hole There we go And talking about Matchbox cars Matchbox series is another I would say toy car that People a little bit more senior than me Grew up with Matchbox cars But those cars were identical With the miniature versions of Most of the cars on the road then So you would get VW Beetle You would get the BMWs And you get the Mercedes Mercedes So on
(23:59~25:00) And they had the also the paint colors That would mimic the cars Yeah Yeah the real cars Where as Hot Wheels is more an adaptation So it was more its own IP The two are different markets But they all have their own users In fact, later on Matchbox was also bought by Hot Wheels And then Then Hot Wheels became Almost the world's strongest Car model And then Hot Wheels Also launched computer games Even in the past few years Hot Wheels This material They also held a Hot Wheels Legend Tour The fire and the car game This game is cool It will hold in the U.S. Warmot parking lot Then there will be a lot of This kind of Change the car into All kinds of fancy The design of the car There is this Big wheel Or a very cool design Then there will be a judge To give it to you After the result is out If you are the champion of that year Mattel will help you Make your car Maybe a model of 64 to 1
(25:00~26:00) Then let you become the Year car Like this So these are live events that they held Right to continue that legacy You grew up playing Hot Wheels And then once you reach adulthood What kind of Hot Wheels would you play? I will build one of myself Yes You would go buy a BMW And modify it To look like your dream Hot Wheels That's right Yeah So I really think Mattel Very powerful He is on the show This thing He played this kind of childhood memory From children When he grew up He has different ways of playing Then it became a kind of Very big event Let everyone come to participate in Like this There we go Okay So this is Hot Wheels This is also a toy of Mattel So Mattel He is not just a A toy company with a female character They don't only have Barbie They have Hot Wheels Yeah exactly Okay Then I will talk about another one It's also in the 1960s Mattel's very famous character Called Chattie Cathy
(26:00~27:00) Ah Okay unfortunately I didn't grow up With Chattie Cathy I didn't play with Chattie Cathy Nor did I see any Chattie Cathy's Oh really But We would use Chattie Cathy To describe a person As being very talkative Or likes to gossip In schools Okay This is Chattie Cathy She has become a liar Like what Mr. John just said If she is very Very gossipy Or very talkative Or likes to gossip too Then we would call that girl Chattie Cathy Hmm Exactly Why would Chattie Cathy Be like this I will tell you about this toy She was actually A 5 year old girl Who is like a talkative girl She was actually About to be in Barbie This is a special toy She had to pull the rope As soon as she pulled the rope She would open her mouth And tell her few sentences For example I love you
(27:00~28:04) Please take me with you Just let us do it Let's play school So A few sentences So short phrases You got to pull the string On the doll's back I don't think I remember Chattie Cathy doll Or doll with strings on their back I think by the time I knew about toys It toys were very prolific In the 80s You know In the 80s It's all about Taiwan was the toy kingdom In the 80s Yes So we had all sorts of Different toys So in terms of dolls With strings on their back I think we had plush toys With string on the back You know that could make Barking sounds Cat meowing sounds Chicken sounds You know So it was There was a big variety But I suppose in the 60s If you had anything that could speak I think that would be The highest tech of all toys In the 60s
(28:04~29:05) Because of Chattie Cathy's plush toys It was getting more and more On the toy field Found this The word for mouth is a A machine that has a lot of Market attractiveness So they also Involved this part of the play That's right But Chattie Cathy Was a very representative A toy with a logo Okay so This is what Mattel did Another one In the 1960s It was a very plush product A product It was also the 60s In fact, there was Barbie Or Chattie Cathy In the 70s In the 80s There were Hot Wheels Take it This is what Mattel did In fact Until now It's still the world's first five Big toy manufacturer In 2022 There are still 50 billion dollars Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Mattel is definitely up there So I got one for our 15-minute fam Oh Right So I grew up in the You know in the mid 80s To the late early 90s Right We had We were the TV generation Right And then we had a lot of cartoons
(29:05~30:07) On TV And obviously Barbie and Ken They had their own cartoon I didn't watch it Not very popular by the way But in the late 80s Early 90s There was something very super popular Extremely popular That's made into movies today Transformers Transformers And G.I. Joe Oh I know about Transformers So Transformers and G.I. Joe 50 minutes fam Why don't you tell us Do you know which company makes G.I. Joe and Transformers They are also one of the direct competitors of Mattel The toy company Oh In the world Haha Is it from America? Also from America Oh That's right So G.I. Joe I grew up with also figurines Those were soldiers And it came with cartoons And then we also had Transformers That started with comics and then cartoons And then obviously the toy trucks Toy trucks and Well the cars and then planes
(30:07~31:09) And then later on they had Transformers That were made into animals Gorillas and not just trucks So yeah Which company owns and designed and created the Transformer and G.I. Joe franchise Oh I really don't know Let me check it on the internet So guys If you know the answer Why don't you use the comment link down below and comment And we will give you a shout out in the next episode right Yes So lots and lots of toy companies actually dominated our childhoods Yes Not just Mattel Yes A lot of different companies And different generations They have their classic toys As for me I was born in 1983 So my toys like Pokemon Oh you grew up the Japanese right The Japanese toys Pokemon
(31:09~32:09) The very first toy I had is a Pikachu doll Really a plush toy Yes Yes a plush toy Not a plastic doll But I have to say the doll in American style Like Barbie or something It always reminds me about Chucky So it's a bad memory for me It's kind of nightmare So very interesting in the early 90s and mid 90s Horror movies These horror movies about dolls and things like that came around You know why Because kids in the 80s grew up with dolls So by the time you were a teenager You're 16 or 18 Yes You could handle horror movies So turning your favorite doll into something that will kill you Was a cult It's something that's different That will catch and attract you You know Chucky Most real adults then wouldn't like Chucky They would never understand Chucky Or how scary Chucky is But kids who grew up with dolls like that It would haunt them for life
(32:09~32:57) Right The first time I saw Chucky on TV Is when I'm a kindergarten student So it could become my nightmare I don't like Chucky So I kind of be afraid of dolls That looks like a little baby or something Well now fast forward to 2010, 2020 The past 10 years They made Chucky into something funny It's more comedy now Less horror It's sort of a cult comedy So that's all the time we got for you today 50 Men's Fan And remember to comment down below If you know which company owns the IP of G.I. Joe and Transformers And we will catch you in the next episode See you guys, bye bye
