(00:00~01:01) So after first couple of years you play overseas and then went back to Dili? Yeah. Did you ever have, you know, that you might actually play in Dili and then try maybe, you know, play for the NBA? Yeah, I think I was close. I think I was really close once. I was playing in Rio Grande at the time and they had taken me in the draft, the Dili draft at the time and they had taken me off like Canette. So the Rio Grande team was the Houston Rockets Dili team. So me being from Houston, they had known me from high school on. So they were like, hey, we'll take a chance on him.
(01:01~02:02) I didn't even have a workout with them or anything for them to see me. They took me on just a chance. This is after you playing two years already overseas. Yeah, like I played, well, I played a year total like overseas and I hated it. Okay. Yeah. Like I hated it. I was like, I don't want to do this. So I was like, all right, I'll play in the Dili. And so I took my first, had no workout for any team. I had to pay for a workout with the Austin Spurs, the San Antonio Spurs Dili team at the time. How much did you pay? I paid, I mean, I think it was, I mean, it's over $100 to get in. Oh, okay. That's not crazy. Yeah, I saw it. But like... Well, I mean, the fact that... But like, at that point, like you're like, this is just a hope and a prayer. Yeah. All right, let's do it. I went to that workout and I killed in that workout. And then they told me they were going to draft me and then come draft time. The Houston Rio Grande team took me...
(02:02~03:05) Before them? Before them. Okay. It was like, maybe like a couple spots. And I was like, what the heck? Why am I going here? You didn't even... Oh, I had no idea. I had no idea. Like I didn't even look at the draft because I was just like... Just gave me anywhere. Yeah. If they, like if somebody calls me, my agent calls me and tells me like I'm on somewhere cool. Yeah. And then they took me and then so I went there and it was kind of like a no-name dude and just bald. Like really was like working my ass off and was balling. And then the New York Knicks, a D-League team at the time, traded for me. So they traded for me because they had a few injuries and stuff that was going on with the Knicks. And they wanted to trade for me so I could play with their D-League team or their D-League team at the time to just see me in person and see what I look like and see what type of player I was. So I go there and I get traded.
(03:05~04:07) I was pissed because I got traded because I was like, what the heck? Like how am I getting traded in the D-League? Yeah. Like what is this? I didn't even know trades were like a thing. I didn't know that until you just said the trade. So I got traded and then I was kind of pissed because I was just like, I was balling in the system that I was in. I was able to kind of do my thing with that system and now I'm coming in a whole different thing. And I remember talking to their general manager at the time, Allen Houston. I don't know if you guys know Allen Houston. The legend. Oh yeah. So he tells me, he's like, so basically we traded for you because we want to see how you would fit in our system. And if you do well, we would like to give you a call up for like 10 days. But you know, 10 day call up. Like you get a little bit of money, but it's also like just the opportunity. Yeah. It's all about that. Yeah. You know what I mean? So I'm like, oh shoot. Like I went from being pissed to like being real happy real quick.
(04:07~05:09) So my first practice, I get out there playing against these guys, doing well, roll my ankle. Wow. Bad. Like I mean, like mess it up bad. And I mean, if you guys know me, like I like to, you know, I'm like, all right, I'm good. Like I'll be all right. So I got like the swelling out of most of it a little bit, but like I couldn't, like I couldn't, like I wasn't the same. And I'm like, I'm going to play on it anyway. So like I was having it taped up. I was playing on it anyway because I was like, this is my shot, bro. Yeah. Like I'm not like going to go, I'm not going to be like, I can't play and like rest it and stuff like that. So I played and I did not play well. And then they ended up trading me back to Rio. And I was, you know, at the time they had like a NBA call up list. And I think I was number two on that list. So like the opportunity for me saying every team has that list. Well, like the league, the league has. So like the league will put out like here are the players that might like have that
(05:09~06:09) have a very good opportunity to get like called out. And I was like number two on the list. And I was like, this is cool. All right. This, this sucks. Yeah. So I was a little pissed and not happy. And I ended up getting traded back to Rio and, you know, it is what it is. Well, I mean, did you, do you like sit for a while to get your ankle right? Or you just like. I finally, I finally got it right just because I wasn't playing well. So they were just like, they just sat me. And then finally I got, you know, I got traded and that was it, you know, and went back to Rio and, you know, we ended up winning championships. So I guess it worked out. But. Okay. So my brother played in D League before too. And, you know, people talk about it how tough playing in the D League is because like at that time, like there was barely any money. The living circumstances trash. What was the max like money for things to 25,000? I heard it's like 25,000. Do I made my check was 1200 USD.
(06:09~07:10) That's what I heard too. It was a lot of money for a month, for a month. 100 USD a month. Like basically, like if you're, if you're going to choose D League or G League, it's basically your, it's just because of the hope that you can get back to that. Like you're not going there because it's like a dope league. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But like, you know, touch on like the living circumstances, the travel schedule, like you're flying, you're flying commercial all the time. There's no private. All commercial. I mean, hotels that you're staying in or, you know, not the greatest. You know what I mean? Right. You, some guys have to share room and stuff like that. Locker rooms are locker rooms or, you know, and luckily Rio was a pretty good organization. So like ours was better than most, but it was still, it's rough, man. Yeah. It's rough. I've heard it's it's a grind for sure. You got a little basketball to be in the D League. Okay.
(07:10~08:13) So in 2016, you go to Thailand Mono Vampire for five years. So you can kind of call out your second home. Yeah. Um, how did you, like, how did that happen? How come you chose Thailand? I just, they offered me a job, man. I was like, I've never heard of anything about Thailand basketball. So I was like, I need a job. Cool. Like I'll try it out and went there and it's kind of weird at first and was kind of trying to find my way, but ended up finding my way and played with Jason Brickman and we won a lot there together. So we just kept coming back and yeah, it was a, it was a cool experience and yeah, it, it, it helped me a lot. Honestly. When you first went there, it was just for the Thailand league? Yeah. At first we were just playing in the Thailand league. And then my second year, um, we, they had got invited to go play in ABL. And so from then on we were playing in ABL and playing in the local. Oh, so you're playing two leagues. I remember. I remember you saying that.
(08:13~09:13) So we were playing, we were like, we were playing Saturday, Sunday in the local league and then like having to play ABL, like whatever day we played. So it was, it was a lot of games. Okay. Yeah. That's, that's pretty true. I think of like what we were doing with E is, oh yeah. It was, it was rough, man. It was rough. So like after your career in Thailand, how did you, um, get the opportunities to come to Thailand and play? COVID. COVID? COVID. That year. Oh yeah. COVID killed, COVID killed my Thailand time. ABL. Yeah. We should, we should. Oh yeah. Well cause, cause COVID killed ABL. Cause COVID, COVID killed ABL. Yeah. And then when COVID killed ABL, um, my Thailand team, our owner was just like, oh, yeah. Basketball is not going to make any money for a little while. So we're just not going to have a basketball team. Just literally destroyed the basketball team, basketball team now at all. But what happened to the league? The league, they still have a league somewhat. Oh, but it's not like before. It's not like before. Their league is kind of like a tournaments. Yeah.
(09:13~10:14) Like in two, three months, like Philippines. They've kind of changed it into like tournament style. Right. Um, but when I was there, it was like an actual league. So, uh, yeah, man. Yeah, man. COVID got me to Taiwan. Nice. Yeah. How would you compare like the playing style compared like in Taiwan versus like Thailand or even you played in Philippines and Japan and you play in Europe? Uh, Taiwan, we play fast. Yeah. I think it's just much faster. Um, there's not as many for, for most teams, I feel like there's not as many like set calls and stuff. You're just kind of playing. Um, whereas when I was in Japan, they play fast too, but a lot, a lot of times in Japan, they kind of play structured too. Like they kind of play their style. Um, Philippines is really good basketball and they have good individual players, but as an import in the Philippines, it's basically like we want you to just go get buckets.
(10:14~11:19) Like, yeah, like China, like China, like, yeah, they're like, we don't care. We just want you to go get 40 and hopefully we win the game. A lot less structure. Yeah. A lot less structure and you just kind of just out there playing too. And honestly, there's no real team thing. You're just kind of just trying to do your own thing because you, you know, you want to make your money. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, like, you know, you're out and you're not playing, but, uh, like you're sitting on the, you know, on the side and watching us because obviously we are not doing well right now. We are like, we're number four. So like, what do you think like we can improve in order to, you know, to get back to, uh, uh, the championship like contender? Because right now, you know, we suck. Yeah. Right now we suck. What should, like, what, what can we do? Like, what do we see? I think for us, like, our biggest thing is like, this is the first time in a while, especially since I've been here, that we don't have like the consistency. Yeah. Like even with our lineups and stuff, like there's just, they're not consistent. You've been hurt for a good amount of time.
(11:19~12:22) Um, you know, obviously I'm out and we're having kind of this, this influx of just, you know, having to get new imports and finding players and stuff like that. And that's hard. That's hard to do, especially in Fubon system. Like it's not like, it's not like we just play some import. You can't just throw an import into the Fubon system. It's not like we just play some simple style basketball. Like there's, there's, there's, you know, there's, there's stuff that goes into it. So I think there's, there's that. So we just need the consistency. And I mean, obviously you're back and you'll, you'll help a lot. Um, beast being back will help too, but we just got to find some consistency. Um, I think, you know, obviously the talent's there, but we just, we got to play better. That's the man simple. Like we just got to play better. We got to play more as a team and got to get back to playing our style of basketball, but that's kind of hard whenever you have new guys. So we got to get them up to speed fast. Who would you think the finals matchup would be if it starts tomorrow? Sheesh. Hey, can I ask that question?
(12:22~13:25) Yeah, if it starts, I mean, if it starts tomorrow, it's, I would think it's probably going to be dreamers, kings. Okay. Obviously they're first and second place, but. Well, yeah, if you just go by that, but like we have been hurt for. Are you talking about, but I mean, like if you're saying as a whole, like, as far as like that, that would be my pick, but also like if y'all are throwing in you guys right now and like your injuries and stuff like that, it's going to be tough. I don't know. I mean, the dreamers have probably been playing the best all year as a whole. But I would probably still say you guys, I just think you guys would figure it out. Okay. Do you want to talk about the play that got you injured? Like, sure. Let's hit on that. I've had a few weeks to calm down from that. So I won't be as animated and as hot. Okay. Going into that. It might reinvigorate some stuff. A little bit. A little bit, but it won't be as. So I still have not seen the play. Yeah, I don't want to.
(13:25~14:25) We will put that play up though and talking about it right now. Make sure you put a disclaimer. Like, obviously the ruling was just a normal foul. I'm not sure if they even reviewed it at the time. They didn't. They didn't. Like, do you think like, at least it should have been reviewed or is it, was there possibility for further consequence? I mean, what are you going to do though? Like, if they review it, what do they like, they give them a U foul or something like that? Like, I think like, I think like reviewing it is probably like, there wouldn't have been anything done by that. We've been playing basketball for like a long time. So like, we know like playing basketball, like there's kind of like unwritten code on things that you don't do. You know, like if somebody's going up for a dunk or something, like you're not going to undercut it because you're like, that's like an unwritten rule. Like, I'm not going to do that. If you hit his leg, like, he could like get serious. Yeah, like, I'm not going to do that. So I'm probably just going to move out of his way. You know, I'm all about like playing hard and like diving for the ball.
(14:25~15:27) Like, I'm all about that. But like the fact that he had to dive through my leg to get the ball, I guess is where I have a big issue. And you already had it. And because I already had it. Like, it wasn't like, it wasn't like we were both, it wasn't like we were both going like, it wasn't like we both diving on the ground and like we're both going for it and knock it out. It was like, I had two hands on the ball and I have looking down at it like this, picking it up. And I see him just dive through here. And I'm like, you know what I mean? Like, and, you know, I've had my issues with him. I mean, you can go back a few years in the playoffs. I think there's a picture of me going, me and him going face to face and me and him getting into it. I think he's a good player. And I think he, you know, he plays well. But I do think sometimes there's a little bit of reckless stuff that happens and whether or not it's intentional, I don't think it's intentional.
(15:27~16:27) But I, and I don't think he was trying to hurt me. Yeah. But I do think that that's something like that's just an unwritten code. Like I would never do it. Do he, do he like ever like text you and you know, say, That's the question I was going to ask. And that's, and I think like, I think that's, that is kind of what pisses me off more. Yeah. Is because you did something that like granted, like luckily it wasn't anything like it wasn't my knee or anything like crazy. But like he could have ended my career. Yeah. Like easy. And so when you do something like that, like I feel like you, you, you got to owe that, you owe that guy an apology. Now, whether it's on Instagram, it don't got to be face to face or anything. Like, but it could have been like, yeah. And honestly, we have the same agent. Oh, damn. Okay. Damn. So there's no like, so you, so me like if you really want to reach out and reach out to me, like you could have easily reached out to me and just been like,
(16:27~17:31) Oh, okay. Just ask it like your agent. Yeah. No, no, that wouldn't have been cool either. I mean, at least, at least, you know, if you don't want to tell like Mike, like, you know, in person or text, you can just like, you know, tell him like, Have the agent to do the work. And that's, and I think like, in my mind, like, yeah, the play, I think was, you know, whatever you want to say, like, I didn't like it. But the fact that he didn't like, reach out and say anything and like be like, yo, bro, like, you're okay. Like my bad. I didn't mean to do that. Like my bad. Like, I don't rock with that because that's just don't worry. We're going to have your number right here. And if you're watching this, please reach out. As I say, sorry. No, no, it's actually. It's over with now, bro. Like it's over with now, bro. Like we could actually, I think, but I think that also goes to like, you got to protect players too. Right. Like you can't just let stuff like that happen because super serious injuries can happen from that.
(17:31~18:39) Like refs also have to do a job of containing the recklessness because if you just keep letting that stuff happen and like, it's like, okay, Well, I didn't get any, I didn't get nothing for it. Right. So I'm going to just do it again. Yeah. And like you said, I think obviously we know we play like referees have a huge impact, especially like on the game. So like the more like reckless stuff that you kind of let get a what let some of these guys get away with the more it just amplifies everything else going into it because now I'm pissed off because I'm getting elbowed in the face. And then it's like, I'm not a dirty player, but you know, then it makes me want to be like next time I see him if he's coming down the lane, I'm going to, you know, I'm going to bump him like written. And it's not, it's not going to be something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like I'm really excited. Yeah. Yeah. Because you're allowing it because you're allowing it and it's happening to me like multiple times. So that's why I think it's, you know, I think they, they, you know, they got to do a better job of that. So what was like on your mind when that actually happened? Because when something bad happened, right that moment, you, you know, yeah.
(18:39~19:45) Honestly, bro, like I felt pain, but I didn't, but it, but it almost to me just felt like, like I like really rolled my ankle like really bad. Did you hear anything? Didn't hear anything pop or anything like that. So it really wasn't that big of a deal. But when I got over to the bench and I figured out like I couldn't really walk and stuff. Walk. I was like, shit. All right. This is kind of, this is kind of a big deal. But yeah, man, that, that's, you know, it is what it is, man. It looks, yeah. That also brings me to the last time you played us. Let's do it. And we'll put this, we'll put this on the, on the YouTube too. You had an altercation with my brother. Yeah. How did that happen? And like, how would you describe you guys, I guess, trying to talk it out? Jeremy, I love you, Billy. No, no, no, no, it will. I know you, you know, I think for me, I think it was just a buildup. And I don't even, it wasn't him necessarily.
(19:45~20:46) I think it was a buildup because if you've seen me for years in the P League, I feel like they let a lot of stuff go for like against me. Because of how big you are. Because of how big I am. And I've had a breath tell me like you're too strong, so you're not going to get that call. What? And I hadn't, and I really think, I really think, I really think it was the game before we played you guys like that week earlier that, that that had been said to me. And I was like, yo, what, what? That doesn't make any sense. I was like, what are we talking about here? So I think it was some of that. And I think, you know, obviously us, when we play you guys, it's like, we're, like we're battling, right? So I think Jeremy was trying to box me out or trying to just, you know, be physical with me. And I kind of got just a little fed up with it. And it wasn't on him. Like I said, it wasn't on him. But my frustration was just like, you know, I'm tired of people, you know, bumping me and hitting me. So kind of took it on him. We talked it out. He told me, you know,
(20:46~21:47) Well, I was, so I was like, I was right there. Joe's over here like, hey man, like calm down. He's just trying to talk to, because you weren't even trying to, you weren't even like letting a conversation happen. I was hot. So I was like, hold on. First of all, I know both of these dudes really well. So I'm like, Mike, just talk to. I know, but I wasn't trying to, like I was just in a mood, man, where I was just like, I don't want to hear nothing. And, but like I said, Jeremy, all good brother. Love you, man. But yeah, no, it will. We're, you know, I rock with him. And he's obviously your brother. So, you know, he's, he's good dude. Yeah. I mean, I know both of y'all are both not dirty. So I'm like, this is definitely, you guys can definitely just, I think there's just two guys like just competing. So like it wasn't, you know, I wasn't trying to throw a dirty shot at him or anything like that. I just, you know, I think it was just a buildup of everything else. And he kind of, unfortunately got the brunt of it. Yeah. Okay.
(21:47~22:47) So, how do you hash your NBA tie-up fives of all time? Yikes. Do I have to go like by position? Like, or do you want to just try to try to try to try to? That's easy. Because I think when we've done it, we've all done by position. Okay. That's easy. Magic is going to be my point. Oh, magic. Old school. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Come on, man. Okay. Who's your two guard? Um, right now I'm feeling cold. Okay. Yeah, I'll tell you. A lot of people pick in cold. I like cold. Okay. Small forward. Greatest player ever. Yeah, yeah. LeBron James. Okay. Okay. Okay. There we go. There we go. If I could just pick one team of just one through five LeBron James's. All LeBron James. All LeBron James. I think we'd beat everybody. I like two because LeBron James is right here. All right. My four. I'll say Tim Duncan.
(22:47~23:49) Okay. I like Tim E.D. I think, you know, fundamental. You get the skills. That was the position that I struggled with the most. Four is tough, man. Because there's a lot of fours. I feel like there wasn't one like go power forward. I think, I think a lot of people think Tim Duncan's a center. And like, okay, if you say he's a center, okay. But I think Tim Duncan is probably the greatest, powerful. Maybe KG. Right. What's up KG? Dirk might be in there too. So like, I can, I can respect all those. But I would go with Tim Duncan. And then my five. Um, yikes. Shaq. Yeah. Okay. Just no brainer. Yeah. Dominance man. Shaq. Dominance. I don't know. He got me thinking. Yeah. Or MBE. No, I don't know. Those guys are too good. Shaq was crazy. Shaq was crazy. That was crazy. It's okay. So I guess that answers the who's your go and why. Oh yeah. Do you want to know why? Yeah. We'll take the why.
(23:49~24:49) Uh, I think he just, I think he plays the game the right way. Um, and I think honestly, like for me it's preference because I feel like I, I don't want to say I'm LeBron James because I don't play like him. But obviously he's much more athletic. He's bigger, stronger, faster. Everything. He's like, I can't go down the right way. But I think he, he, he plays the game the right way. He, he makes his teammates better. Um, he kind of, he tries to make the right play every time. Um, and for him to be a superstar, like that's actually really like, I respect that a lot because no offense to like Cove or Mike, Michael Jordan or like any of these guys, they just were bucket getters. And so they weren't necessary. They didn't really care about, you know, necessary. You know, necessarily making teammates, teammates that much better, you know, and if they had to pass to him, especially in a game, win shot, it's like a last resort. Yeah. So that's, that's kind of why I like Bron and, um, I just, I like the way he plays. And I think he, I think he's a great role model for how to play good basketball.
(24:49~25:49) It's a great answer. Last thing I would want to ask is more about your, I guess, Taiwan career, but you guys back to back to back champion, you were to, you were back to back final MVP. Yeah. Like how would you say your whole Taiwan basketball experience and living in Taiwan? Cause now Taiwan is now your second home. Yeah. So how would you describe just everything? I love it. I think it's been like, I think it's been awesome for me to like come here. Um, it's definitely been, you know, on my list of like the best places I've ever played. Um, I've gotten to have like really good relationships, really good friends, obviously with you guys and stuff like that, really good teammates and all that. And we've been successful. So I'm grateful for it. But also there's a part of me, especially being injured now that we're like, I want more. You want more than just assistant coach? Like, yeah. Oh my God. Assistant coach. They hit me with the assistant coach title. Yeah. Next thing I'm going to have to, next thing I'm going to have to have a shirt that says coach on back.
(25:49~26:53) Did you get to participate the coach meeting? No, I don't get to do that. Not yet. That's not above my, that's above my pay grade. Yeah. Um, but yeah, man, like, I think we've had a lot of success, but like I want more still. You need that though, especially when you went like, when you've won so much, like you need other things to motivate you. For sure. So like, I think this is, you know, this is, I mean, I'm going to come back with it. The freaking vengeance. So it'll be fun. But also like, I think, you know, it's, I love Taiwan and I want to, you know, I just want to, you know, I want to be here as long as I possibly can. And obviously I'm getting older, but 35, 35, man. Shit. It's my age. 35, brother. But I just feel like I still got a lot more. Yeah. You definitely got a couple more years to go. I've got a lot more years to do. So have you heard of like a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, I've heard a little bit about it. Yeah. All of it.
(26:53~28:00) Obviously hearsay, but I think if they do it, like, I think, you know, if they take the, the best teams from both leagues, I think it'll be cool. You get more teams. More competitive. You know, it's a little bit more competitive. You know, I think what makes a P-League heart is like, we play each other like... Too many times. Eight times. And so you kind of have these games where it's like, I got to see Joe again or like, Or like, you know what I mean? Like, I got to see this guy again. So yeah, but if they do that man, that'll be awesome I think it'll be great for Taiwan if they do it. Yeah, but I just hope that they do it right That's the biggest thing right if you're gonna do it do it right. Yeah When do you think when do you think you'll retire like how when do you hope to play until I? Don't want to put a number honestly. I think I didn't even think I'd be playing now You know, I thought early on I think I thought I would have been done by I thought like early 30s you done So other than like the injury that I've had like my body feels great
(28:00~29:01) So like I'll play as I think like my biggest thing is I'll play until I feel like I'm not at my level anymore When I feel like my play as far as like everything else is diminishing I Can't be like this guy that just kind of like you're like a show Like I can't do that and just hold on Holding on just because you love the game like no, I can't do that Like when I can't be as effective as I you know, it's a normal am then it's you know It's time to call it quits, but I don't see that happening anytime soon Okay, who do you know more? Okay? Who is your toughest? I will do to who's your toughest matchup in the P League and who's would you say is the toughest team to play against? Toughest matchup is Kenny. I think that's pretty He's been the only I would say he's been the only one Who can slow you who's been able to slow you down and actually Like when I came when I got traded to the Kings and I was like we need to go get this. We need Kenny. Yeah, of course you for Mike Thanks, I appreciate that
(29:01~30:02) Yeah, I think he was I think he's the only one man. He's he's a great defender. He's strong fast He makes it tough on me. So He's been the one that's that's made it the toughest for me obviously and then who do I enjoy playing against the most I mean, I like playing against you guys, but I really love playing against the dreamers Yeah, I know we've had this like I love there is something there is something about playing those two teams away Especially away like I don't want to play them I want to play them away like there's something about it that I'm like I can't wait to go into your gym and see you guys Like I like I love that and then jet kind of gets me amped up especially one of the dreamers. I'm like, yeah, we're on it tonight So, yeah, I think those two teams man. I love playing against those two teams They uh, they bring out a different a different animal and you come in there with a little yeah come in there with I got definitely got a little bit of extra stuff on my shoulder when I walk into those buildings After like Kyle's you is gone. I'm kind of I'm kind of like, you know lost the you know the spark Yeah, you kind of you kind of turned it down
(30:02~30:46) You're saying against dreamers. Yeah Kyle's you know, what's the one like keep like talking shit on the sideline and not fight some Fired me up. Yeah, you kind of lost the ball because I was like, maybe we need to maybe we need to get him back over Put him on the sideline over there right now the New coaches it seems nice having them play like a nice guy He's got them playing really well the defense is different. Maybe I'll try to see if I can have a cut out and put it over there next time Put it on the sideline. Maybe we'll see if I can amp you up a little bit Okay, all right. Well Appreciate it guys man. Thanks you guys having me man. Y'all are thanks Mike. That was a very a very full episode Thank you Mike for coming on the show
