(00:00~01:02) Hi everybody, welcome back to Joe and Jet, Weigoluda with Jason. We have a very special guest here today, my former teammate. Very glad to have him here. He is a 2007 to 2011 Texas Tech alum. In 2011 and 2012 he played overseas for a couple of years and then 2012 came back and played for Rio Grande Valley Vipers in the G League or at that time was the D League. And then 2013 for Arie Bayhawks also D League and then went back to Rio Grande Valley Vipers. 2013 went to Philippines, 2014-15 in Italy, 2016 he played in the B League, Osaka and then that same year he went back to the Philippines.
(01:02~02:04) And then 2016 to 2020 he played for Mono Vampire in Thailand, ABL where I guess we first met. And then from 2020 till now on Taipei Fubon Braves. He is an NBA D League champion. He is a two-time Thailand basketball super league champion and he is also a Thailand super basketball league MVP. He is the ABL basketball import of the year and forward of the year in 2019. He is a back-to-back P League finals MVP 2021-2022 and he is a three-times P League champion back-to-back-to-back. NCAA Big 12 tournament record of 29 straight points finishing with 43 against Texas A&M in 2009. That is quite the accomplishment. We welcome Mike Singletary. What's up Mike? Glad to have you here man. That is a hell of an intro. That is a hell of an intro. That's a locus. That English intro is way better than my Chinese one that I've done before. That was a lot better.
(02:04~03:04) That was impressive man. So Mike, congratulations on your third child. Third boy, how crazy is the fan going to be with three boys now? Oh my gosh man. Going from one to two is like, alright you're okay. You're going to be in each handle one. Now we've got like three so it's like two might be crying, screaming. So it's like never not off duty man but it's awesome man having three boys is cool. So hopefully one of them gets to do something in basketball that'd be great. Oh, I was just going to ask you about that. Do you think any of them is going to pursue your path in basketball? If you guys know Paxton, Paxton is like a baller. He sees a basketball and he's like he wants to play all day. Koa, I think Koa is going to be some football player man or something because he's just a little tank. He likes basketball but I think he likes hitting people more than he likes.
(03:04~04:05) Oh really? He might be a football player and then Tatum we'll just have to see man. Are you getting a lot less sleep these days? Because Jed is getting a lot less sleep. Yeah. I kind of tell him I'm like hey bro it's your time right now. You don't get no sleep now. You have a lot of advice you can give him. Hey well I just tell him hey bro you're going to be tired. It's just a life man. You just have to deal with it. It's just a life man. That's what it is now. We would like to know a little bit about your I guess basketball journey. Did you grow up always? Loving basketball as a kid was it introduced to you at a very young age? How did you fall in love with the sport? Honestly for me man like basketball wasn't even like was like my third sport. I grew up playing obviously I think everybody as a kid for the most part plays soccer especially in the States. He just plays soccer. And then my grandfather was a big baseball player and my uncle was like a really really
(04:05~05:08) good baseball player. Chose football instead of baseball but could have went to the pros. He was that good. So that was those two were the ones that I really played and I just played basketball just played it on the side. Maybe this will be okay. And one I wasn't good at soccer like I didn't like it. I wasn't good. And baseball like I think I liked it but I just getting in that batter's box and having that ball thrown at you even at a young age bro like it just never it just never appealed to me. This isn't fun because if this hits me like I feel like it's gonna really hurt. So I was like nah I'm not gonna do that. And so like I hit like a growth spurt and then it was like maybe I'll start doing this basketball thing. Around what age dude? I was probably later man so I really didn't start like hooping hooping until like maybe 11, 12. Like really hooping. So like now I think it's later than most kids. That's like middle school. Yeah it's late.
(05:08~06:09) So like I think I started really hooping maybe 5th or 6th grade. Like 6th grade I'll say 6th grade I really started playing. And was like okay I can do this thing. I like this. So later than most but I had height on my side so like I was able to kind of play catch up a little faster than most. So then high school like when you got to high school where you like I'm better than I'm better than high school. When were you like okay high school I like I want to play varsity and all that. I think honestly like for me I think 7th grade was when I was like alright bro like I'm really kind of nice. Like I was like alright I'm kind of nice. So like I think I started really really like getting after it. Playing AU and really really training. I think I got to be like one of the top four players in my class in 7th and 8th grade. And so I was like alright dude this is alright we can do this. My mom's like sitting there telling me like yeah you better do this because this is how you're going to go to college. You know and so like I was really like it's going to help you get well and she was like
(06:09~07:10) you know what I mean like you need us like you need a scholarship. Yeah I mean like so really going after it but then like 7th grade I think I really found like alright I think I'm better than most of the people that I get to play against and high school just kind of you know I went to a competitive high school so my coach told me as a 8th grader he was like I want you to play varsity as a freshman. He said but you're going to have to earn it. So he made me earn it and I didn't start. I didn't I probably played you know 10 minutes a game. So you just you went straight to varsity. Straight to varsity. Skip JV. Skip JV went straight to varsity. That year that team was good. We got to the round right before state. Yeah he made me earn it so I'm grateful for that coach because most coaches in most high schools that I would have went to other than that would have seen that I was a pretty good player in 8th grade they would have just been like here you just play.
(07:10~08:13) Give you the key. Yeah I had to earn it. I had to play against guys that were bigger stronger and so I had I learned a lot. And did you always know that you were going to chase basketball as a career. I think once you get to that point I think you you try to I think that's the goal right like you just like you're like hey maybe I can I think we all think like the NBA especially in the States. Yeah like that's like you just think like the only goal. It's the only goal right like you don't really think of anything else and I had never known or seen anybody else play anywhere other than that. Like I didn't know about overseas basketball. So like I was like oh yeah man I can get to the NBA. Especially back then with no social media with no social media man and you're just seeing the only players you're seeing are the ones that you see or hear about like in another city or but like I still don't see them live and then when you see them live you're like oh damn like they're pretty good. Like so but after that point man like I thought like all right maybe I can do this thing especially
(08:13~09:15) when you start getting you know recruiting letters and stuff like that you're like man maybe I can actually make this a career. Then when did you know like you know and realize that you know this could be your career. Really man like even coming out of college like like I said I didn't know anything about like overseas basketball. You know like I knew you go to college and I knew either you have NBA draft workouts or whatever. Just fine fine. And then it's like if you don't have that then it's like you find a job. Yeah yeah you don't really consider overseas and luckily like I had a guy who graduated in college who I knew when you're ahead of me who ended up going and playing in Spain and I started talking to him and I was like what is this like what is this whole thing like like what do you mean you play overseas like you travel like what is that like and he kind of gave me some some tips about it and that kind of I guess shifted me to being like oh damn like it doesn't end after college. Like I can actually go to something like that.
(09:15~10:15) It's kind of cool that you can you know play basketball that you let you like and also you make money for sure. Yeah and I mean like I said like the NBA if you get there great but then also you know a lot of I think a lot of guys like have that view of just like NBA or bust. But like they don't realize like playing overseas like that's a you can make a great living place. Yeah right for sure. Let's backtrack a little bit and like obviously you must have killed high school. How was the how was the recruiting process to college like obviously you went to Texas Tech but like you probably won on a few recruit trips. How would you explain that process? I think my first my first offer I got was in eighth grade from UT. Yeah that was like a high school. Getting an offer in eighth grade is like stupid. 14 15.
(10:15~11:18) I was I think I was 15. 15. And that was my first like official like they were like hey you need to come here. I mean so UT University of Texas. University of Texas also. Like I'm not I'm not like super familiar with all that. You're talking about like Kevin Durant and like that school. They gave. Yes. Wow. And I was like offer. And then I had other schools that were kind of like on the verge but they were the first ones to the party was UT. They had seen me a lot because in Texas when you play when you get to the state championships or whatever everything's played at UT on UT's campus. So they had like a first like view of what I was and they saw me live all the time and they took me around and showed me stuff on on official visits of eighth grader like showing me the locker room what it would be like all that stuff. So they were my first official one.
(11:18~12:18) And then after that then more and more teams like started coming around. But most of my teams were a lot of the teams in the big 12. I think my play style was just more suited for that kind of basketball big 12 kind of tough and rough and yes. So Baylor came coming along pretty quickly after Oklahoma. And it was a big one too. Pretty much I had pretty much everybody in the big 12 except for obviously Kansas. And at that time Kansas was just unreal. Yeah. So but yeah the recruiting process was was awesome. It's a lot. It's a lot to take in especially if you don't have anybody who's done it before. Yeah. It's fun but it's also a man can also mess you up if you you don't have guys who are kind of leading you in the you know right direction as far as like what to do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
(12:18~13:19) I want to ask about the you know how PJ always came when PJ play on the same team. What's PJ. PJ the third PJ. Oh okay. Bro are you actually forgot. Perry Jones. Perry Jones. So why don't you just say Perry Jones. We always call him PJ right. But but anyways you can call you Texas legend. There's a lot of guy like them PJ. Oh yeah. My bad. My bad. Okay. Perry Jones. No I'm on your side. Okay. Perry Jones. But but he always called you Texas legend. And what that nickname came from. Like when you got that nickname. I mean he gave me that nickname. Really. I mean I think he did. I don't know man. He says Texas legend. So my high school career my team lost. I think I lost maybe 10 games in high school. Okay. Like we throughout your four years of high. That's crazy. We were good.
(13:19~14:20) We went to state three years in a row for my sophomore year to my senior year. We won a state when I was a sophomore. And I won I think I won the most valuable player for the tournament or something like that as a sophomore. So we won a lot. Okay. I think that's where. Yeah. I think that's where Texas legend comes from maybe. Okay. Yeah. So that might be it. Okay. Cool. Cool. Thanks for clicking up the up. Yeah. Shout out to PJ. High school. High school. Tell us about your Texas Tech experience being a B-12. You were playing against like a major college all the time. How fun and like how hard was that? It's like it's so fun because you get to play against like some especially at that time like they were the best of the best. Like they were like who did you like play against like you know maybe some of them already in the NBA right now. I mean the Morris twins. Mario Chalmers. Mario Chalmers. Okay.
(14:20~15:21) You had DJ Augustine. Kevin Durant was there. Blake Griffin. I mean you can go down the list man. Like it was it was big 12 basketball was insane. So it was so fun to play against those guys. But then also at the time like I went to Texas Tech and Texas Tech isn't really the bad. It wasn't the basketball school that it is like now which now it's more like popular being a basketball school. But when I went it wasn't really that I went because Bobby Knight was the coach. Oh okay. And like he recruited me like basically was like hey we want you to come here. And he was I mean he's one of the greatest coaches ever. So like for him to kind of say like hey I want you to come here and play. I was like all right. But you know actually I mean I got to tell the funny story because y'all are going to actually like this. So Bobby Knight is recruiting me and he is like hey you know they do in-home visits. I don't you know like that. That's a thing. The coaches come to your house.
(15:21~16:28) Oh talk to your parents. Like that's the stuff you see in movies. Yeah. Like for real. Yeah. So we set it up like he comes in man and I'm upstairs like just kind of you know BSing around. Doorbell rings. My mom answers the door. She's like hey coach Knight's here. So I come downstairs and she opens the door and I'm like first off the first thing I thought was holy shit this guy is huge. Like I'm talking about like six five and like just just like a big dude. Right. And that threw me off because I'm like holy crap. Like I've only seen you on TV and you don't look like that. So he sits down and we start talking or whatever and he's like yeah I want you to come here kind of telling me that like my class is going to be his last class before he kind of retired and so I was like yeah coach well you know I got other offers you know but I'd like to take a visit but you know we'll kind of see what happens. He tells me he says well if you don't come to my school I'm going to take out my shotgun.
(16:28~17:31) Really like for real like I'm going to take out my shotgun and we're going to have a problem and I was like that serious. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He did not say that. No like no I mean without any. My serious no smile bro like nothing and I'm sitting there like you're like a high school older so I'm just like sitting there like kind of like you know you get that like weird like kind of scared. Like is it time for you to laugh now. He didn't laugh and like and then he was finally you know it's just like waiting. I was waiting and then finally he taps me and goes I'm just kidding and I was like okay you're a little bit of a psycho but I kind of like it. Kind of like it. So that was but yeah I mean it was tough man. Big 12 was tough. I was I'm grateful for it because I got to play a lot of great guys and a lot of a lot of great teams so I think it shaped me and mold me into you know being the player that I am now for sure. Wait so University of Texas is different from Texas Tech.
(17:31~18:31) Yeah so there's there's well there's probably five there's five big schools in Texas so you got University of Houston you have Texas Tech you have UT which is Texas at Austin and then you have Texas A&M and then you have Baylor. So those are the big kind of like five schools and they're all like at that time they were all basketball schools too so all of them have kind of produced a NBA player at some point you know. So if UT was recruiting you hard for so long how can you or I guess because of Bobby Knight. I think or like the recruiting trip changed everything. UT was like on the rise so they were you know like I think about the following year they got Kevin Durant so they're getting like these top top talents and I wanted to play. Yeah and you have coaches that tell you yeah you'll play like your first year or you'll
(18:31~19:33) play your second year whatever but a lot of that stuff is bullshit. And I didn't want to go to that school and be like on the bench. Yeah I really wanted to play. I was like I'm all about going to a big school but like I want to play and I actually want to compete so Texas Tech was going to give me the opportunity to do that so I figured why not. So when you talk about like visiting the school like when I watch the movie like you know play like they get recruit and they go to school like visiting and they have. Usually there's a big party. Yeah big party. You know all the fans you know lines up in the gym and the cheerleader dancing and shit and the coach be like showing a good time taking a nice dinner and party and stuff. Did you have that. That's exactly what it is. Okay okay okay. Damn. Now I think obviously every school is different but my recruiting trip was similar like. Like all of them.
(19:33~20:33) Yeah most of them were like that. Yeah I mean I think the only one I took that wasn't like that was I took a visit to Oklahoma State and it was like we still had the party or whatever but like Oklahoma State they were trying to be real like oh we just want you to come here about playing ball. We're not going to do all that stuff so. There's going to be no outing. Yeah there's going to be. We're not going to do anything. You're going to meet the players that you're going to go home. I was like yeah no. Would you the only player there like visiting school or you were with some other players. So normally when you normally when you do official visits they do it with you know like I mean like a couple of players so a couple other high school guys. Because you probably play pick up with them. Yeah so like what they'll do is they'll maybe bring in I would say maybe three to five high school players. Okay. So you guys basically just party together.
(20:33~21:35) Yeah but then it's also kind of messed up though because there's like tears of those five. You know what I mean. Yeah there's like there's like gold level. Yeah yeah so there's like tears of it so like me and actually he became my teammate. He's still one of my really good friends my point guard. We were like the two top dudes in Texas in our class and they really wanted us to get there so we're kind of all hanging out and doing whatever they're showing us the locker rooms and showing us all this stuff cheerleaders all this stuff right. And then like they kind of cheer and then they kind of pull us like me and him to the side and like take us on this like other like a little private like private tour. VIP tour. Yeah like it's like a VIP tour. We're like what. Like you feel awkward a little bit. Because I'm like what about them. Yeah. And they're like oh like they're like oh we want those guys but like we really want to They don't come we're okay. I'm like all right.
(21:35~22:37) But I think like obviously the movies make it like extreme but the idea is the same. Yeah when I watch it I'm like there's no way. It's just movie so I like ask you about it. The idea is really the same. That's crazy. It's like it's it really is. That made not made like a Taiwan like college is so boring. You know I know. We should not take a hit about that. We should not take a hit about that. Hey. Hey. They don't like oh yeah. They don't even go they don't even go like visit your house like in person. This is called you a jet. You're good and we want you. Really. Yeah. It's too small. It's too small. Like everyone knows like the basketball circle is so small like everyone's connected. I don't even get it. They could get to anyone by a phone call. Yeah. Yeah. America is too big. I don't even like feel special. Yeah. Coach what what's the party. You want me to you want me to come here. Yeah bring the cheerleaders. Bring the cheerleaders out man. So did you guys ever made a tournament and what was the closest you got to winning the B-12. We were we were average like we were we were an average team.
(22:37~23:45) We went well to make the tournament first of all do you have to win the big 12 or is you have to be you have to be one of the top teams of the big 12 like now the big 12 maybe might take like six teams to the tournament which is a lot. Yeah. We were there like it was like we'll take four and we won't stop for yeah and we weren't we just weren't we weren't that talented to do that. We had like a whole bunch of like roster turnover coach night decided that he was going to retire after my freshman year. So that kind of pissed yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And threw me for a little bit of a loop because I was like I don't really want to be here. Like I came for yeah. Like I really don't want to be here. And then his son took over and it was kind of like as a coach. So he was like the coach in waiting I guess like the next coach up and I didn't really we didn't really have the greatest relationship. So but yeah I mean it was we didn't really we never got close to that.
(23:45~24:48) I think we we got to the NIT tournament which is like for the people that don't make the big tournament. And we did that and we lost in like the semifinals of that but we just weren't weren't weren't as great as probably. Yeah. Well I mean for a bit what about Big 12 though which like where you guys ever get to like semis or we got to I think that the the furthest we got when I was there is we got to the quarter finals because when we when we were there like we were not as good we didn't do as well in the Big 12 like during the regular season. So like you have to play like almost like a play in game. You know what I mean like play a playing game and then you got to go play one of the top you're like you're set up set up to lose. This is fun. Okay cool you win your first game now you got to go play Kansas who just won the national championship. Yeah. All right. This is cool. Yeah. What would you say like do you have any like super memorable matchups or specific games
(24:48~25:53) or like did you play against a player where you're like he's going to speak. So I'll give you two memorable I'll give you a player and then I'll give you like a memorable like memory. So my freshman year I played a little bit but like I didn't play as much as I probably thought I was going to. So my freshman year we go to Kansas and we play them on their senior night. So I don't know if you like the states like the scene like college like senior nights are like if you play on if you play that team at home on senior night and they're a good team it's like they're there to beat your ass like like you're the likelihood of you winning that game is like very low. Yeah. Right. And so we we signed up for that. We got there and we play them and we're we we're down like I mean 40 and like the first half. I mean like it is the craziest venue I've ever played in. It's loud.
(25:53~26:54) People are going crazy and I'm looking at this team from the bench and I'm like these guys are just these are freaking pros. These guys are better than us. And like they had their walk-ons getting they had a walk on who came in and he had 20 off the bench. Oh and I was like this is not this is not for us. This is not what it's supposed to be. And luckily that team in it went in the national championship so I felt a little bit about it. I was like we got beat by the national champs. It's OK. Yeah. But player wise Blake Griffin man. Oh wow. Was unreal. I mean like you're talking about a guy who's like six nine six ten and like at that time yeah like he was like athletic athletic Blake and strong. He was already like pro strong. Yeah. So like he was strong. He was fast. He could handle the ball too. He just couldn't shoot. Yeah. But like he was a match up nightmare.
(26:54~27:54) So like you put bigger guys on him and he was just like way faster. I'm just way too fast and I'm more athletic than you. But he was I would say him and Michael Beasley were the two. You play against Michael Beasley. Were the two players that were the two players that I saw that I was like up live in person that I was like where Michael Beasley go. Kansas State. Oh bro. I was like you two are you two don't need to be here. This is not you guys. You guys need to go to that other level. You guys are not supposed to be here. Those two were probably the two that I saw like in person and I was I was like holy shit these guys are on a different level. So you played all four years. You do all the pre draft stuff. Dude I didn't do any pre draft stuff. My college coach did not like did not give me the best players on that team. Me and my buddy was your point the point guard who have been we both played overseas like 14 years now.
(27:54~28:54) So yeah. Yeah. We were pretty good. He didn't get us any workouts. He didn't make no calls for us. Nothing bro. So like we had to do it on our own and at that time which like no connection. It's like impossible. Yeah. And you know what I mean like because they're they're not taking a look at us because we we sucked like we weren't very good. So like why would I bring this guy in. He might be pretty good but like I don't know. So like I didn't get no draft workouts. Nothing bro like Portsmouth Invitational like didn't do any of that. No workouts. Nothing zero. So so you can still declare for the draft. You could declare. Oh like dude what. Yeah. And honestly man like it's much different now. I think obviously social media plays a huge impact in it now. Yeah. Because like you can you can be seen for anywhere. You can be seen for anywhere.
(28:54~29:57) So like I think now it makes it a little bit easier to kind of get some of those like invites and those workouts but like back then dude zero none. It's crazy. Yeah. It's wild man. But. OK. So I guess you just that sucks man. It's crazy. What about agent. Did you have like agent at that time. I ended up getting an agent like because even my agent got me like like work out with the NBA. Yeah. Well you just mean you're probably better than me. I play D2. But honestly though like like you said like your agent like if you have a good agent that your agent can get you. Yeah. At least get you in. He can get you into some workout. Yeah. But like the agent I had he he was he he didn't get me into anything and he wasn't my agent for very long after that. But no offense. But yeah man no no workouts no nothing.
(29:57~30:58) So like my whole summer after college was literally training and like where I trained where some of those guys that were going in the draft and stuff like that. So I got to work out against them there. But there was never no like official NBA guys like sitting there like an NBA workout. I'm sure. OK. So I'm sure you've competed with some of the guys that might have gotten picked late or maybe undrafted but like played in D League at the time. Yeah. You feel like you could have had a chance for sure. Oh yeah. I mean no offense that some of the guys in NBA now. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's all about fit. Like there's there's no bad player in the NBA. Yeah. If you're in the NBA like you're in the top percent of the world. Yeah. But I do think there are some guys who just are there because for whatever reason. Give me a guy honest brother. Well Pat Beth said he's actually nice. So I have. So like I have we were talking about we were talking about him the other day. Somebody brought him up and I was like I mean like do I think he's a good NBA player. No.
(30:58~31:58) I said but if you take him and let's say like you brought him to Taiwan. Oh my God. Yeah. And since in the pill I'm like would he probably kill. I'm like probably. Yeah. So like I'm like that's why there's like there's levels right as far as that goes. But also it's just like that's Janus's. Yeah. So you want Janus. Yeah. Yeah. I think there's that connection. I think there's some of that man like where there are connects and it helps get you in the door and maybe it helps you keep a job for a little bit. And also you know you might have the connect but like you also got to have the ability to stay. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure. So but do I think I could I could have stuck. Yeah. I think I could have figured out a way to stick. OK. OK. So I'm sorry about that man. That's I don't even know because like dude you don't hear it bro. You seriously you don't hear about like a player that has like NBA aspirations plays at a big college and then like the coach does not vouch for him and the agent doesn't get him any workouts. Yeah.
(31:58~32:30) Like I'm telling you at that time man like it just wasn't like you had to have either you had to know like a great agent like Jess talking about or like your coach had to like put in calls for you. Yeah. Especially if you didn't play like on a team that was that good. And at that time like I think our coach he ended up getting fired like a year later. So like he was already like on his way out. So he was like I'm not going to do anything for these guys. And he's not invested. And he wasn't invested. So like he didn't do anything for us. So we had to figure it out on our own. Coaches play a big part. Huge part. Huge part.
