(00:00~01:03) Hello everyone, welcome back to Joe and Jet Weigoluda Episode 20. Yeah, you forgot to say it with Jason. Sorry. What happened? Hello everyone, welcome back to Joe and Jet Weigoluda with Jason Episode 20. It's been 20 episodes guys, that's quite a lot. How are you guys feeling? Feeling good actually, it's been a while, only three of us. The last few weeks we've always had guests, but it feels good. How long have we been living here? Almost half a year. About half a year? About 11 months. Time has passed quite quickly. I didn't expect that we would be here this long.
(01:03~02:05) I thought we'd just record a few episodes and it's fun. Okay, that's about it. We've already recorded episode 20. Cool. Alright, let's talk about the time we've been here. From the ranking to the ranking, we've been back to the ranking. Do you want to talk about it? How many years have you been back? Four. Four or four? Four and a half. Four and a half. And besides you guys, we've been playing very close games. I remember we lost to Ling Hanyuan, that was a very close game. And then Liang Chang, Dreamers, were very close games. And then you guys were the only ones that wasn't close because you guys were playing a game. A game? A game? You guys can't play it. We can't play it. We can't break it. Yeah, obviously, we've been in many situations all year. Especially when we're not healthy. So I think...
(02:05~03:05) Obviously, after a year, we slowly found our state. But when we were in some situations, we were in a mess. So I think this past game was really good for us. We just... We won. And Jeremy obviously only played not even 11 minutes. Because he was really good at playing RCE. In 10 minutes and 30 seconds, maybe that is crazy. Yeah, 13 points too. He shot like 4 for 5 or 4 for 6 or something. So obviously, and he was from the back. You know, it's like... You see, our team is really scary. If we're healthy. Because we have a penalty. And I said this in the press conference too. Our base team was also a penalty. When they came up, they were a penalty for a kick. So they're definitely going to destroy.
(03:05~04:06) But I think it's because our team played really well that day. Last day, before the game, Jeremy was the one who didn't play for long. Yeah, just a minute restriction. He was also in the Beijing game, but he was just injured. So he didn't play a complete match. So that day was a minute restriction. And we were also quite busy. So he didn't have to play too much. Usually, when he comes back like this, do you expect him to play for long? Do you have any big score? I think it's about 20-25. I think something like that. Talk about... Me again? Of course, talk about the new North American king. And then talk about the day after the match in England. How have you been doing recently? Except for playing against you. Because we... Really? I mean, obviously...
(04:06~05:07) I think from what I learned from EAS, I can't play from anywhere else. You play against the top teams in Asia. And also against the high-level players. I think that also helped my game and took my game to another level. Obviously, if you look at every game, during the stats, maybe it hasn't changed that much. Because in English, I barely did anything. In the box in one. But I found that you were very passionate about the team. I told you before. Before the last three games against them, the hardest team to play was them. Because their whole team... We talked about their difference before being the top in the league. So I had my worst games the whole season against them. But the last three games have been different. You've been fighting against Ah Jin since you were a kid.
(05:07~06:08) And you were fighting against him when you were in the team. Okay, not only him. I remember that. I've played against Lin Hanyue this year. Who? Xiao Bai. It doesn't matter. It's just... A lot of people like to do that now. It's the move. If I do have a post move or just a move, I remember you had a game against him. You had a game against him and he posted up. Yeah, because I didn't have a base. But obviously, you have to find a strong position. You have to find a way to make him spend more energy in other places. So one is defense. His position is a bit narrow. So you have to make him more tired or maybe not as efficient on the offense. You have to make him work on defense. So that's just... That's something that every team will do against good players. I think the key point that Su Wei just mentioned is that you have to focus on the other team's main players. Especially in the situation where they are in a very hot spot.
(06:08~07:09) If you can't do anything effective on the defense, you can let them not be so smooth in the game and attack him with more energy. Let him spend more energy on defense. Even the foul. If he has two or three fouls in the first half, then he has to go out of the game. So that's definitely... You definitely try to get important players into foul trouble. Same thing with Dabi and them. You try to get early fouls on them because they are so important to the team. So you think that the top players will be more stable in the game when they come back. Especially in the last game, although they didn't play for a long time, they will make you feel more stable. And you will feel that the current situation is more complete. And you will be more confident in the game. How many points did you guys have to check with that player? Half a point. Yeah, for sure. At least for me personally,
(07:09~08:11) obviously I know his value. And he's also my brother. So having him back was very nice for me. Because I think it's actually very tiring. Especially for me, for example, it's just a box and one. If I had a game with Jeremy, I'm not going to get a box and one. Because you're not going to have Jeremy play... Box and two. Triangle. Triangle. I wouldn't be surprised if Roger did that. Because he's a good coach. So he will try to play long and not long. So I wouldn't be surprised if it's just a triangle and two. But normally, you guys wouldn't box and one if Jeremy's on the court. For sure. Because Jeremy would destroy the four players. You know what I mean? We discussed this before. We had a box and one. And then that team was defeated. Because I remember that time, I asked him, he said that he was a team member who defeated your team.
(08:11~09:11) So then you couldn't... You couldn't defend. You couldn't defend. But in both of our games, the whole game is a box and one. So it's just like we have to find a way to build a lead. If we have a lead, then there's no point for you guys to change the defense. Right? Box and one is the one. It's hard to do anything. It's not like that one person is going to watch you. It's not even that. Because he still has a goal. And guards are on top. So if you play pick and roll, it's just a guard that will change. The best way to break the zone is to go out. When you can't go in, you will be very aggressive. Because if you go in, it's always like you said, his guard will be on top. But when you go in, the inside is big. You start to go in, they will... The two big ones are going to come out. If you come out, there will be a lot of damage. But if you go in, you will be very quick. Exactly. So that, yeah. Playing against you guys during those two games,
(09:11~10:13) it's really tough for me. But obviously, having Jeremy back, definitely another playmaker, right? Another scorer, another everything. So I think, for me, it's the most interesting game for me. But obviously, for our team helped a lot. It's a 1-1 in 10 minutes. It's like, bro. It's the most annoying. That's ridiculous. Yeah. It's 10 minutes away. So he definitely has a lot, a lot, a lot of value. Okay. Okay. So do you think that Liannius is going to be the third one? Because I see that they are in a good condition. They seem to have found the team that is in good terms with Yang Jiang. Especially before, they were the only one on the map. There are a lot of players. But they have a lot of maps now. Yeah. I don't know. I mean, I would say maybe maybe we can give them more stars. So maybe credit to the coach, right? Like we said before, just watch this little time
(10:13~11:14) if you can pull Ben Tu and Yang Jiang together. And then cooperate. And I think they are doing it. This is a typical feature of Yang's diplomacy. He will give you a lot of confidence. Even if you can't get close, he will give you confidence. And then when you are in the control, you just keep going. Because you saw that before, like Li Jiarui or Sun Yi, they basically don't have much confidence. But they are now quite confident. They are quite confident. And then they can see that the coach is giving them the confidence. Let them play more and not be so defensive. They are getting the experience. And they suddenly feel that the flow is quite good. They are doing well. They are doing well. And then they are now four consecutive wins. Oh, they are now four consecutive wins. Four consecutive wins. Four consecutive wins. Wow, awesome. And their imports are playing very well too. Earl Clark is playing really well. I football, he has been playing really well the whole season. Yes, I football, his German skills are not really necessary to be questioned. But when will he be able to
(11:14~12:14) try to release the ball and believe in the ground? I think it is because they are now winning and they have been going up. So obviously, many players and fans will also judge this and that. And we talked about before if we want to make this a continuous progress, players and judges will have a good exchange. And then there is a ball, I mean it is not just one play, but there is one play. We play the Dreamers and my fourth fan against Ajay, he is a midlaner. And then I was shooting the ball and then he got blocked by Wendell because they are playing the opposite. I was quite emotional. Because I will not be emotional if the play is not right. But then after the ref that I guess called it
(12:14~13:15) had a secretive me through the IGDM and basically he apologized to me and said that the ball was going too fast and I should not play the opposite. But when the referee was playing, there was no way, right? They can't take the foul away. Once you call it, that is what it is. Although we were all very angry at the time. But then after we had a really good conversation, I said thank you for leaving me this message and I hope players can ref the communication better. And I am very happy to communicate. Because I mean this is what we want, right? This is what we want for the league to get better. It's just to have good communication. Because now the referee is I feel that from this example the referee will feel more and more apologize or realize if they make a mistake and own up to it, right?
(13:15~14:15) We are in the past maybe before, maybe not. Absolutely not. So you just heard that the referee was mainly responsible for his mistake and especially he just sent you an apology. I feel that I didn't expect that. I was scared too. Because basically you are at the scene because you know the referee you can't just play the game 100% You will be blown away. But it doesn't matter if you blow away. You admit that you blow away. I think this is a good start. Because it's like Shu Wei said, double communication. But just like I mentioned before I basically don't know what the referee is arguing about. Because what I just said they are all very blind. They said I didn't see it. Just a good communication I am right. I am right. So just live with it. Like basically. So I think this is a good direction. I remember a while ago did the Alliance
(14:15~15:16) gather all the players and then open the referee's meeting. Every team had a representative to go and say what things they want to judge the referee for. I think that's a good thing too. Because they are rafting the game better. More calls are being called where they didn't get called before. Everything. Even last game Jeremy got a charge. They never called charge before. So I think that's good. A lot of handshakes you can't just handshake like crazy anymore. I never got handshakes before. I am getting more handshakes now. Everyone is getting more handshakes now. They are actually calling some whereas a lot of people can't walk and they won't be pushed. But this example of the referee I will hope all the referees do this. This is only one. If they make a mistake I will apologize to you. Not an apology. It's just that you are... You admit your mistake. Yeah.
(15:16~16:16) You are willing to take ownership when you make a mistake. Or even on the court you are willing to have a conversation. It's not just like oh, what's the right one? F you. You know what I mean? It's like you need this communication that will make the league better and a lot more healthy. I saw a chart on the Internet that says the percentage of referees is the first one. The first one is that there are more people in the league. The second one is our vice-president. The worst one is the referee. The worst one is what? Like a... Favourite. Favourite. The worst one is the vice-president. The last one is the dreamer. So the one that... Jonathan is really angry. I have seen his post on the Internet and he said you are really angry when you see them in the game.
(16:16~17:16) And you complain about the referee. Hmm, they are lost. I am also very curious why the engineer... Yeah. I don't think... Yeah, I mean, I don't know. This, this, I have no idea. Yeah, or else they always say the vice-president is the referee helping us. They say 8-5. Are they all 8-5? Are they all 8-5? But we are the second one. So the first one is that... The first favourite is the referee. So they are the referee. They are the referee. Not me. It's me who watched the chart. We watched the data. Yeah, we watched the data. Yeah, that's what we said. So, we are going to... You guys played against Steelers on Sunday? I did. Yeah. You did. Hahaha. Yeah, we did. I am playing. Your team. Your team. Okay, I will play. Okay, okay. The vice-president has played against Steelers on Sunday and they didn't hurt any of the players. Hmm. Then we will play against them. I think it's the first time that a match has been played against Steelers. No, not against Steelers. No, not against Steelers. Hmm. What do you guys think?
(17:16~18:16) I have my own theory. But I don't even know if I should say that. Hahaha. Let me tell you first. Because after 10 o'clock in the game, the team will play the roster that you guys are playing against. I saw the roster. Because we only had 13 players that day. We had a lot of injured players. Or we had a loss at home. We couldn't go to the match. The process is that they have a roster with a team that has a squad. You mean Steelers? Oh, Steelers. Sorry. Steelers have a squad on their roster. They have a team that has three teams. Yes. They have all the teams. Yes, they have all the teams. So I also feel that, wow, how could this happen? So I didn't ask too much at the time. Why they didn't play. But it seems like last time, was Cameron injured? Or was it a corner? No, I didn't see it. But I saw their roster before.
(18:16~19:17) They had a roster with a team. But it seems like they didn't play at all. And the other two players were playing full. Did you hear any news? I heard that someone was injured. One of the injured players was injured. He was injured because his teammates played well. Or was he mentally injured? He was mentally injured. He was mentally injured. But that match, when everyone was watching, they said that the first season was full. Because the first season was full. But we were still in the second half. In the first half? Yes, in the first half. Was it the first season or the first half? The first season. Yes, the first season. The first quarter. The first season ended. When the team didn't play at all, did the coach think that they were surprised? And they asked why they didn't play at the same time? Before the match, I talked about why they didn't play at the same time. But I didn't hear any news from them.
(19:17~20:17) But the team was playing normally. The same as the game plan. I remember that there was a league... I don't remember if it was ABU or something. They said that the team had to play at the same time. If they had to play at the same time, they would be punished. I remember that there was a league... I don't remember which league it was. I think it was ABL. It was ABL, right? It was the rule that they had to play at the same time. If they didn't play, they would be punished. I remember that it was ABL. Did you hear my blackie? Yes, or else the sheep would be in trouble. And the fans would be unhappy. I would buy tickets to the stadium. I would come in and see the sheep. But the basketball competition wasn't there. But it was all rumors. Maybe it was all a lie. It was a lie. But I heard it. It was a big chance. But maybe... I just told everyone to stay in the stadium. It was okay.
(20:17~21:00) It was all rumors. We will be playing at the stadium this week. We will be playing at the stadium this week. But I know that there will be a sheep. There is a confirmation. There will be news about it. But we will know it. Will you be playing? I... I should have known it. I knew it the day before yesterday. Me? Yes. But I started practicing. I started practicing today. Yes, I started practicing today. I should have continued. I will continue. But I don't know if I will be played. Episode 20, episode 20 is brought to you by Heaven Lava. The Sky Hall is full of fragrance. If you are interested, you can leave a message in the comments.
